Chapter 3752 - 3752 Stop him
3752 Stop him
[ Nuwa: I’ve already calculated this carefully! ] There would be two ways to break out of this situation!
[ Nuwa: first, find a way to prevent the kun Peng from obtaining the complete infinite yang virtue within nine days! ] However, this method was extremely dangerous!
[ Nuwa: because the heavenly Dao is behind the kun Peng. No one would dare to help you in this matter! ] You can only rely on yourself to face kun Peng, who is at the peak of the sage-to-be. His chances of winning were close to zero!
“I understand … The heavenly axiom can’t track me down. But anyone who helps me will be found by the heavenly axiom and get killed!”
Chen Xiaobei: ” but, G.o.ddess Nuwa, don’t underestimate me. I’ve already taken down mo Luo Wutian. Kun Peng might not be undefeatable! &Quot
Nuwa: The kun Peng was different from mo Luo Wu Tian! Mo Luo Wu Tian wanted to become a saint, that’s why he had his eyes on the wizard ancestor’s corpse, that’s why he fell into your trap!
Nuwa thought,”however, the kun Peng has already become a Sage!” He doesn’t need you, and he will never trust you! It was almost impossible to scheme against him!
[ what lady Nuwa said makes sense. So, what’s the second method? ] Chen Xiaobei thought.
[ Nuwa: the second method depends on whether or not mo Luo Wutian’s will is strong enough! ]
Chen Xiaobei-the will of mo Luo Wu Tian? Against the heavens and against the Dao?
Nuwa agreed. The ultimate goal of mo Luo Wu Tian was to overthrow the heavenly Dao and establish the Supreme devil Dao! If his will was strong enough, he would never submit to the heavenly Dao! Perhaps, I wouldn’t have betrayed you!
[ so, you’re saying that if we see how much hatred mo Luo Wu Tian has for me, it’ll be able to cover up his faith in the demonic path? ] If the hatred grows, he will definitely drag me down with him! If his faith was firm, he would not cooperate with the heavenly Dao!
[ Nuwa: yes! ] That’s what I meant! This method was relatively safer! Of course, the risk was also greater! After all, there was a 50 – 50 chance of winning. No one could be sure what mo Luo Wutian would choose!
Chen Xiaobei, now that you’ve mentioned it, I’ve been reminded of something!
Nuwa asked,”why do you say so?”
Chen Xiaobei thought,’you probably don’t know the characteristics of the marks of humanity and demonic!’
[ Nuwa: it’s not that I don’t understand. I don’t know at all! ] In the entire universe, only you and Mo Luo Wu Tian have come into contact with these two imprints. Others have never seen them before and do not know the details!
Chen Xiaobei, let me tell you! When these two seals recognized their master, they would give him several harsh tests! Only by pa.s.sing the test and having a strong Dao heart could one be recognized and become a mark true Lord!
Chen Xiaobei-my heart of humanity! It was the heart of the demonic Dao of mo Luo Wu Tian! They had all pa.s.sed the test of life and death! They had long transcended life and death, and were incomparably firm and unshakeable!
Nuwa asked,”so you’re saying that mo Luo Wutian won’t betray his Dao heart of the devil Dao?” I won’t betray you?
Chen Xiaobei thought,’I wish he would betray me!’ In this way, he would betray the demonic path and lose the recognition of the demonic mark! At that time, the demonic mark would really be ownerless!
Nuwa agreed,”yes!!!” (Sudden realization)
[ Nuwa: with your determination to defy the heavens and the Dao, you will definitely be recognized by the demonic Dao’s Mark! ] At that time, you will become the new owner of the demonic mark! With the combination of the human and demon imprints, even if the kun Peng became a Saint, it would not be able to do anything to you!
[ that’s why I hope that mo Luo Wu Tian will betray me! ] But in the end, it still depended on how he chose!
Nuwa thought,”mo Luo Wu Tian is a smart person!” Furthermore, he understood the characteristics of the demonic imprint very well! “Therefore, whatever you can think of, mo Luo Wutian will definitely be able to think of it too!
Chen Xiaobei: ” that’s right … He must know that if he wants revenge, he has to betray the demonic path and lose the demonic mark! &Quot If you don’t take revenge, you can’t betray me! All in all, no matter what mo Luo Wutian chooses, it will be beneficial to me!
Nuwa agreed. If he chooses revenge, you will be able to subdue the demonic imprint! If he chose to endure, no one would know that you were still alive. Even if the kun Peng became a Saint, it would not divine you!
So, we don’t have to worry about mo Luo Wu Tian now! Moreover, the old thief Yuans.h.i.+ is going to catch him personally. I can’t do anything even if I want to!
Nuwa asked,”do you mean you want to start from kun Peng?”
Chen Xiaobei: Right now, I’m in the middle of a vast ocean! Moreover, the sea water was bone-piercingly cold, and there was no living thing in the surroundings!
Nuwa asked,”you’re in the beiming youhai?”
Chen Xiaobei, I don’t know if this is the beiming youhai. However, I was brought here by the spatial turbulence. Perhaps it was due to luck that I was sent here!
[ Nuwa: hide yourself first! ] If he could see a Black Castle, it would be the northern nether sea!
Chen Xiaobei,”Black Castle?”
Chen Xiaobei then activated his golden gaze fiery eyes and the Jade divine light to look down.
What a coincidence!
In the middle of the ocean, Chen Xiaobei saw a squarish black shadow. It had distinct edges and corners, and its layout was exquisite. Was it not an underwater Castle?
Chen Xiaobei,’I see it … This is indeed beiming youhai!
Nuwa replied,”kun Peng is in the core of the castle!” During this time, he had been trying his best to devour Houtu’s merits, and he would never leave her side!
Chen Xiaobei, is there anyone else in the castle?
Nuwa replied,”of course!” Kun Peng hid in the beiming youhai. On the surface, he appeared to be a coward. But in reality, he had been secretly cultivating his own power! His Army and his sect were in the Black Castle!
Nuwa said, ” as far as I know, some of the disciples personally trained by Kunpeng have already reached the sage-to-be realm! &Quot Once the kun Peng became a Saint, his sect would immediately become one of the great saint sects! The northern nether sea would also be at its peak!
Chen Xiaobei thought to himself,’as expected of an ancient demonic master! He was really too scheming! No wonder the heavenly Dao had chosen him as a hidden chess piece back then and now!
Nuwa agreed,”that’s right … Kun Peng’s intelligence is definitely not inferior to anyone else’s!” I even suspect that the Big Shot of the monster race you mentioned to me that wanted to replace me was kun Peng!
Chen Xiaobei: There was really such a possibility! With kun Peng’s intelligence, he definitely had the ability to do anything he had done before! In addition, he had endured hards.h.i.+ps for many years, and his ambition had already expanded countless times!
Chen Xiaobei: I must stop the kun Peng from becoming a saint! If he was allowed to succeed, he would definitely become an even more serious threat to mother Nuwa! At that time, he would be even more unscrupulous and might even cause the demon race to split!
[ Nuwa: I know. You’re doing this for my own good! ] However, I suggest that you do not touch the kun Peng! Originally, the threat of mo Luo Wutian had already been eliminated. Provoking the kun Peng would only expose you!
Chen Xiaobei-of course I won’t show him my real face! Even if the truth was revealed, he would not think of Chen Xiaobei!
[ Nuwa: anyway, you must be extremely careful! ] He would rather not go than take the risk!
Chen Xiaobei: ” I know what I’m doing. Also, there’s something else that I’d like you to take a look at. It’s very important. &Quot
