Chapter 3755 - 3755 Chapter 3756-overbearing
3755 Chapter 3756-overbearing
The woman was extremely beautiful. Her face was so exquisite that there was no next time. Her figure was even more outstanding.
However, her temperament was very cold, and her eyes revealed the domineering sharpness of a superior. It gave people a sense of distance that they couldn’t get close to.
The reason why there were still people looking for trouble with her was because her cultivation base was very low. It could even be said that her cultivation base was the lowest in the entire Holy puppet city, only at the early one-star heaven immortal realm.
It was because of this that the murderer dared to shout at her and even treated her with a completely commanding att.i.tude.
“What are you doing?”
The woman looked at the other party coldly.
It was a red-skinned fire bull demon with sharp horns.
His skin was as hard as copper, and he was full of energy. It was clear that his bloodline and demonic beast talent were not bad.
However, his cultivation level was very ordinary. He was only at the one-star Mystic immortal realm and only dared to bully heaven Immortals. Nine out of ten people on the street were stronger than him.
“You stole my jade pendant, and you still ask me what I want?”
The fire bull demon rushed over aggressively. Its tall and strong body, like a small mountain, almost enveloped the woman.
“I’ve never even seen you before. When did I steal your jade pendant?”
The woman was a little annoyed, and there was a faint anger in her beautiful eyes. She had clearly been wronged.
“Which thief would admit that he stole something?”
The fire bull demon reached out a big hand to grab the woman in front of him. At the same time, he roared, ” “Come over here! I’m going to search your body!”
Anyone with a discerning eye could tell that if the woman had really stolen something, she would definitely feel guilty.
And if the fire bull demon really wanted to find the lost item, there was no need for a body search. It could be solved by force.
It was obvious that he was doing this to take advantage of the woman.
To put it bluntly, the fire bull demon was a lecherous person.
“Don’t touch me!”
The woman’s eyes were filled with disgust, as if she had seen a disgusting bug pouncing on her. She absolutely could not accept it.
But! How could the fire bull demon stop?
A thick and powerful hand grabbed the woman’s arm. The woman could not Dodge it, no matter if it was speed or strength.
“Swis.h.!.+”
However, at this moment, a purple-gold shadow flashed by and took the woman several meters away. The fire bull demon didn’t touch her at all.
That’s right!
It was Chen Xiaobei!
In such a situation, only Ling jiuxiao could save him instantly!
“You are!?”
The woman leaned into Chen Xiaobei’s arms, but she did not seem to be repulsed at all. Instead, the cold glint in her beautiful eyes softened.
Obviously, she had seen the purple-gold dragon scales on Chen Xiaobei’s body before, and she had already guessed his ident.i.ty.
“Good Xianer! I’m Xuan bei! You can’t recognize me?”
Chen Xiaobei was afraid that she would say his name, so he quickly reminded her.
Xianer!
Right! That’s right!
This woman was none other than immortal dugu zang!
Looking at her cultivation, she should have just ascended not long ago.
However, why would she appear in the Holy puppet city was a big question.
Of course, when they were in the earth-G.o.d Realm, Chen Xiaobei had gone through thick and thin with her. They had absolute trust in each other, so the question would be answered later.
As for now, he had to deal with the fire bull demon first.
“You little brat! How dare you spoil my plans! I think you’re tired of living!”
The fire bull demon roared and charged at Chen Xiaobei. It raised its fist and was ready to attack Chen Xiaobei.
That’s strange!
Chen Xiaobei was taken aback by what he saw.
The demon race valued the status of their bloodline very much. Even the captain of the guards at the city gate was respectful to Chen Xiaobei. Why did the fire bull demon look down on Chen Xiaobei? Don’t even mention how arrogant he was!
From the looks of it, there must be a powerful backer behind the fire bull demon! That was why he dared to make things difficult for dugu zang Xian on the street, and why he dared to ignore Chen Xiaobei’s n.o.ble nine-star heavenly G.o.d bloodline!
“Boom boom boom …”
The fire bull demon threw a punch at Chen Xiaobei, its fist surrounded by Flames of War that were as red as the sun.
The fire bull was a one-star Mystic immortal, while Chen Xiaobei was only an eight-star celestial immortal.
Under normal circ.u.mstances, this punch would have destroyed Chen Xiaobei’s Dharmakaya, or even his primordial spirit. Chen Xiaobei would have died instantly!
But!
Now that Chen Xiaobei was in his Dharmakaya form, the result was completely different.
After consuming the jieyin’s blood essence, Chen Xiaobei’s Dharmakaya had undergone a mysterious change! To sum it up, it could be summed up in four words, 10000 techniques return to one!
First of all, Chen Xiaobei’s Dharmakaya could freely change into the appearance of the object he had devoured! Buddha! Devil! A Dragon! A Phoenix! Shaman! Or even a black hole!
Secondly, Chen Xiaobei’s Dharmakaya’s defensive power was equivalent to his physical body’s defensive power, which was equivalent to a nine-star celestial immortal!
The last and most important point was that by receiving the blood essence, the ” phaseless chaotic celestial body ” would become a sacred level cultivation technique. All the special abilities of the Dharmakaya would be directly strengthened by a major realm!
“Bang!”
The fire bull demon’s powerful and heavy fire Cannon Fist was like a shooting star, and the terrifying power was unstoppable, but it suddenly stopped ten centimeters in front of Chen Xiaobei!
A three-inch black hole appeared in front of Chen Xiaobei.
The level of the Dharmakaya was the same as the level of the physical body. Therefore, the level of the black hole ability had also reached the level of a nine-star celestial being.
With the addition of the cultivation method to the sacred level, the black hole ability was equivalent to a one-star Mystic immortal.
At the same time, the black hole was surrounded by the Golden Dragon and fire Phoenix’s special abilities. Its level had climbed to the peak of one-star Mystic immortal.
Because of this, the celestial core power and impact force on the fire bull demon’s fist were absorbed completely in an instant.
Not to mention that the fire bull demon was only attacking in human form, even if it transformed back into its demonic beast form and exerted its innate power to the extreme, it would not be able to break through the barrier of the black hole Dharma.
One had to know! At this moment, Chen Xiaobei’s Dharmakaya abilities were all Saint-tier, and he was invincible against those of the same level!
Even if he was one major realm higher, Chen Xiaobei could still use his other special abilities to fight.
&Quot how … How is this possible?! &Quot
The fire bull demon’s face changed dramatically as if he had seen a ghost. His pupils shrank and his face changed dramatically!
Because, at this moment, his fist had already become soft and powerless.
What was even more incredible was that his entire arm was firmly sucked by the small black hole. No matter how hard he tried, he could not break free.
“Kneel down and apologize! Otherwise, don’t even think about getting your arm!”
Chen Xiaobei’s face was cold and his eyes were sharp. A domineering aura surrounded him, not allowing him to take any action.
