Chapter 3758 - 3758 Chapter 3759-Jade Qilin
3758 Chapter 3759-Jade Qilin
“Since you’ve already said so, I definitely can’t reject you!”
Chen Xiaobei grinned and agreed to dugu zang’s request.
Chen Xiaobei was such a loyal person that he would not leave dugu zang Xian alone.
Furthermore, kun Peng had shut itself away from all visitors, and Chen Xiaobei could not find a way to break through it. According to G.o.ddess nüwa, there were only nine days left before kun Peng devoured all of Houtu’s merit. It was a good idea to settle dugu zang Xian down first so that Chen Xiaobei would not drag her down if he took action.
Of course, it would be even more perfect if dugu zang Xian’s family could help him.
Soon after.
Chen Xiaobei and dugu zang Xian returned to the real world.
Chen Xiaobei was now in his golden-purple dragon form while dugu zang Xian was still in his human form.
The two of them followed the directions of the universe dark seal and rushed to the East of the Holy puppet city.
The underwater Empire was huge. Even with Chen Xiaobei’s eight-star celestial immortal cultivation, it would take him a long time to fly from one side to the other.
Fortunately, there were no obstacles along the way, and they reached their destination smoothly.
It was a huge Palace built entirely of Frost White jade. It stood in the center of the eastern city, towering and majestic, magnificent and gorgeous!
There were a total of eight similar palaces in the Holy puppet city.
Among them, the Black Palace in the center of the main city was the largest. It was obviously the kun Peng’s demon master Palace!
The other seven palaces were like seven stars surrounding the moon, surrounding the demon master Palace. Each of them had a different scale, color, and style.
However, these seven palaces all belonged to the seven direct disciples of kun Peng.
At this moment.
The dark seal of heaven and earth led Chen Xiaobei and dugu zang Xian to the entrance of the frosty white jade Palace.
From this, it could be seen that the elder of dugu zang Xian’s family was also one of the kun Peng’s direct disciples. His status was extraordinary and absolutely could not be underestimated!
“Who are you people? Outsiders are not allowed to approach the Jade Kylin saint’s Palace!”
Two guards in white armor stood in front of the palace and shouted in a serious tone.
“We’re not outsiders!”
Dugu zang exchanged a look with Chen Xiaobei, then took out the dark seal of heaven and earth and said, ” &Quot I’m here under the guidance of this heaven-immortal artifact. Please go in and report to Saint Yulin. He should agree to see me! &Quot
“It’s the Qilin Jade!”
The two guards immediately recognized the material of the seal. Their expressions changed and they said respectfully, ” “Please wait a moment, we will immediately go and report!”
With that, one of the guards rushed into the palace, while the other stood in place with a smile on his face, no longer as arrogant as before.
“Swis.h.!.+”
Very quickly, an extreme shadow as cold as ice appeared at the entrance of the palace!
It was an old man with white hair and a white beard. In addition to his spotless white robe and white boots, he gave people a feeling of holiness and n.o.bility, as if he was not involved in the mortal world!
Even the words ‘Sage-like’ were not enough to describe his bearing and appearance!
“Who is it? Who brought the Qilin Jade?”
The old man’s emotions were extremely urgent, and his profound eyes immediately locked onto dugu zang Xian, who was holding the Dark Universe seal.
“It’s me!”
Immortal dugu zang composed himself and said respectfully, ” “This Jade seal is a treasure that has been pa.s.sed down in my family for generations! When I ascended to the heavenly realm a few days ago, I was guided here, so I took the liberty to come …”
“I’m not presumptuous! I won’t be presumptuous!”
The old man suddenly smiled and waved his sleeve. He said happily, ” “Hurry up! Quickly come in with this old man! After billions of years of loneliness, this old man finally has a family! From this moment on, this is your home!”
Obviously, this old man was the master of the palace, Saint Yu Lin!
Judging from his words and actions, he was really happy and excited, and couldn’t wait to accept dugu zang.
“I haven’t revealed my true demon form yet, aren’t you afraid that I’m lying?” On the contrary, immortal dugu zang was somewhat hesitant.
“I won’t!”
The Jade Kylin Saint said with certainty, ” “The moment I saw you, I felt a sense of familiarity! You would never lie to this old man! Come! Let’s go home and have a good chat!”
“Mm …”
Dugu zang nodded, took Chen Xiaobei’s arm, and pulled him into the house.
The Jade Qilin Saint had been ignoring Chen Xiaobei and did not even let him in. Dugu zang Xian’s action was to announce Chen Xiaobei’s importance to the Jade Qilin Saint!
“Who is this young man?”
Finally, the Jade Qilin Saint looked at Chen Xiaobei, his eyes filled with responsibility.
“This is my fiancé … Xuan bei!” He said.
Dugu zang held Chen Xiaobei’s arm tightly and spoke with a firm tone as if he was speaking the truth.
“Fiancé?”
Yu Lin Saint frowned and sighed, ” “His bloodline is only at the nine-star heavenly G.o.d tier. It’s really too low …”
The fey attached great importance to the hierarchy of bloodlines, just like how humans paid attention to matching social status.
It was obvious that in Saint Yulin’s eyes, Chen Xiaobei’s bloodline was not worthy of dugu zang Xian.
“I like him as a person! I don’t care about his bloodline!” Immortal dugu zang’s tone was extremely solemn! Furthermore, he was extremely serious!
“Alright …”
The Jade Kylin Saint sighed and compromised, ” “It’s good that you like it! Everything else doesn’t matter!”
By now, the Jade Qilin Saint had reluctantly accepted Chen Xiaobei.
Then, the three of them entered the palace together.
It had to be said that this Palace was really deserted. There was not a single person in the huge Palace. Even the sound of footsteps echoed.
No wonder the Jade Kylin Saint would lament about being alone for billions of years!
It was precisely because of this that he was so happy to see dugu zang and even regarded him as a family member.
After entering the guest hall, Saint Yu Lin personally invited dugu zang Xian to take a seat.
For the sake of dugu zang Xian, Yu Lin saint’s att.i.tude towards Chen Xiaobei was acceptable. He allowed Chen Xiaobei to sit beside dugu zang Xian.
The truth was, the Jade Qilin Saint still did not care about Chen Xiaobei’s bloodline level.
Of course, at this age, Saint Yu Lin had already let go of many things. If dugu zang Xian really liked Chen Xiaobei, he would not object to it.
“Child, what’s your name?” Saint Yu Lin sat on the main seat and asked.
“I’m immortal dugu zang, and I’ve just ascended not long ago. I wonder how I should address you?” Immortal dugu zang was very smart and immediately began to probe the other party’s background.
Saint Yu Lin said indifferently,”I’m the second disciple of demon master kun Peng. Outsiders call me Saint Yu Lin!” We’re a family, so there’s no need to be so formal. If you don’t mind, you can just call this old man grandpa!”
“Yes! Grandpa!”
Immortal dugu zang didn’t see the other party as malicious. Moreover, they were elders of the same clan, so it was reasonable for him to call him grandfather.
After a pause, dugu zang turned to look at Chen Xiaobei.
“Old man!”
Chen Xiaobei said, ” “I have an extremely important question to ask you!”
