Chapter 3767 - 3767 The dead
3767 The dead
“Heh, it seems that you have some knowledge!”
Chen Xiaobei smiled and did not deny his ident.i.ty.
Originally, this was a secret that could not be revealed.
But now, Chen Xiaobei had admitted to this secret to Saint purple ROC.
The reason was simple. Only the dead could keep secrets. This time, Chen Xiaobei had no intention of letting the purple ROC Saint leave alive.
“Oh my G.o.d … How … How is this possible? You were hit by the Saint jieyin head-on, how could you still be alive!”
Purple ROC Saint master was stunned.
After all, Chen Xiaobei’s actions in the heavenly court had already spread throughout the entire heavenly realm.
Everyone knew that Chen Xiaobei had been crushed by a true Saint and there was no doubt that he would survive.
That was why seeing Chen Xiaobei standing right in front of him was so hard for purple ROC Saint to accept. He even wondered if he was hallucinating. Or was he dreaming?
However, the chaos Blood Sword had clearly appeared in front of him and even killed six one-star divine realm experts with a single strike.
He had no choice but to believe such an outcome!
“Cut the c.r.a.p! I’ve been tolerating you for a long time!”
Chen Xiaobei kept his chaos Blood Sword, ready to fight purple ROC with his bare hands.
Chen Xiaobei’s dark eyes were filled with murderous intent. He would not give purple ROC any chance.
Obviously, purple ROC Saint was after Chen Xiaobei’s life, and Chen Xiaobei had to kill him!
Furthermore, purple ROC Saint had been eyeing dugu zang Xian. Even though Chen Xiaobei and dugu zang Xian were only a fake fiancée, Chen Xiaobei would never hand dugu zang Xian over to such a person!
Furthermore, the purple ROC Saint had ridiculed Chen Xiaobei a few times. Chen Xiaobei had been tolerating his arrogance for a long time.
“What do you mean? Do you really want to fight me one-on-one?”
Purple ROC Saint venerable calmed himself down and laughed, ” “Chen Xiaobei! Although I don’t know how you survived, I know that you’re only an eight-star heaven immortal. I can kill you with just a thought!”
&Quot Black Lotus of destructions-unparalleled Demon Seal!!! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei did not want to waste any more time with purple ROC Saint. He let out a low growl and activated his killing move.
[ ding Yingying’s cultivation base: early stage one-star celestial G.o.d; lifespan: 2.150,27 million years, physique: x.x.xxx, combat power x.x.xxx, primordial spirit attack: Saint level!
Chen Xiaobei had used up 100 million years of his lifespan and activated the sacred marrow of annihilation’s special ability.
This ability could allow Chen Xiaobei to step into the pseudo one-star celestial G.o.d Realm for ten minutes.
“Chi …”
In that instant, Chen Xiaobei’s purple-gold dragon body burst with endless dark demonic Qi, and behind his head, a lifelike image of the Black Lotus of destruction appeared.
The Dharma laksana exuded the power of a one-star celestial G.o.d, and it could be absolutely invincible among those of the same level!
However, this power was nothing but a joke to purple ROC Saint venerable.
“This … This is the power of the Holy demon! Chen Xiaobei! You’ve actually entered the devil Dao?”
Purple ROC Saint venerable was shocked at first. His eyes were wide open like a bull’s, and his face turned red and green. His body trembled as he was filled with fear.
But soon, purple ROC Saint noticed that Chen Xiaobei’s Holy demon power did not seem to be increasing.
“Heh, Chen Xiaobei! You really have a hole in your brain!”
Purple ROC Saint venerable’s fear was swept away and was replaced by a disdainful smile, ” “I thought you had the true power of the Holy devil. You’re just a mere one-star celestial deity. What’s the difference between you and my six trashy followers?”
Tras.h.!.+
This was the definition of heavenly G.o.d given by Saint purple ROC.
He was very pretentious! He was very arrogant! However, what he said was indeed the truth!
He had one-star Mystic Divine power, which was many times higher than a celestial deity’s power!
In his eyes, a mere one-star celestial deity was like an ant or a speck of dust. Wasn’t he trash?
“Stepping on the peak!”
But then, Chen Xiaobei let out a low growl.
This time, Chen Xiaobei had burned 200 million years of his lifespan to activate the eighth transformation of the witch Dragon nine transformation.
[ ding Yingluo’s cultivation base: peak nine-star celestial G.o.d. Lifespan: 1.950.27 billion years, physique: x.x.xxx, combat power x.x.xxx, primordial spirit attack: Saint level!
In an instant, Chen Xiaobei’s pseudo-realm had soared to the peak of divine realm!
“Whoosh …”
As the pseudo realm increased, the Black Lotus of destructions also became larger, stronger, and more terrifying.
The huge black Lotus was like a Black Sun, covering the entire area.
&Quot what … What kind of ability is this?! &Quot
Purple ROC Saint was shocked, but he still did not take Chen Xiaobei seriously.
Even if Chen Xiaobei had become a peak-stage divine realm expert, he was still a realm away from becoming a Mystic G.o.d. Purple ROC Saint was confident that he would win.
“Chen Xiaobei! You should stop struggling!”
Purple ROC Saint venerable said with confidence, ” “Don’t tell me you can reach the profound deity realm? Don’t joke around! Obediently accept your death!”
&Quot witch Dragon’s nine transformation, the final profound! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei ignored purple ROC Saint. He took a deep breath and let out a thunderous roar!
&Quot open the chaos!!! &Quot
Whoosh … Whoosh … Whoosh …
A terrifying wave of celestial core power burst out from Chen Xiaobei’s body.
Like a tsunami, the sound swept across the heavens and the earth, even causing the entire heavenly court to tremble.
Then, the purple-gold dragon scales on Chen Xiaobei’s body began to glow with an incredible light.
It was as dazzling as the sun. Furthermore, the light spread out for billions of miles and even turned the entire beiming youhai purple-gold.
&Quot that … That … That’s the primordial chaos Divine splendor???? ”
Seeing this, purple ROC Saint venerable screamed as his pupils shrank and his scalp went numb. He couldn’t help but pinch himself hard!
It hurts!
This wasn’t a dream!
It was the genuine primordial chaos Divine splendor!
A primordial chaos golden immortal! He was a quasi-Sage!
A zenith heaven golden immortal of origin! They were the heavenly path sages!
Once the Holy Light was out, who could compete with it! He looked down on the Three Realms and suppressed all living beings!
[ ding Yingying’s cultivation base: early stage one-star Mystic deity. Lifespan: 1.650,27 billion years, physique: x.x.xxx, combat power x.x.xxx, primordial spirit attack: Saint level!
The last time Chen Xiaobei activated chaos, he reached one-star Sage-to-be and used up 2.7 billion years of his lifespan for two 45 seconds!
This time, Chen Xiaobei had used up 300 million years of his lifespan to reach the level of a one-star Mystic Divine for three minutes!
“This … This, this, this …”
Purple ROC Saint was completely dumbfounded. Just a moment ago, he thought that Chen Xiaobei could not possibly reach the one-star Mystic Divine realm. But now, Chen Xiaobei had given him a tight slap in the face!
Purple ROC Saint venerable was dumbfounded by this slap.
“World-destroying devil Lotus! All life exterminate!”
At the same time, the Black Lotus of destructions expanded again, adding an unparalleled power to Chen Xiaobei’s body!
