Chapter 3728 - 3728 Undercover
3728 Undercover
The group continued to advance into the depths of the ruins. Their speed was not fast, and they would only advance after blackpeak had confirmed that there was no danger.
It was strange that after the green-eyed pangolin King, there was no danger.
Blackpeak had been extremely careful throughout the entire journey, yet he had not detected the presence of any other living beings. In theory, the rest of the journey should be extremely safe.
However, some things had no aura!
Blackpeak was unable to detect it, and the others were even more unable to detect it.
No one was aware that a fatal danger was slowly approaching!
“It’s right in front!”
Blackpeak stopped in front of a huge stone wall and said,”As long as I pa.s.s through this stone wall, I will be able to reach the deepest part of the ruins. A part of Chiyou’s body should be inside!”
“I can already smell the terrifying killing intent! I can even see the sky filled with corpses and the sea of blood!”
At this point, blackpeak’s expression turned rather unsightly, and his eyes were filled with anxiety and worry. The ease he felt earlier was gone, and even the blood that had been boiling in Chen Xiaobei’s chest had cooled down by 80%.
The people around him might not be able to understand, but blackpeak knew very well how terrifying that killing intent was.
As the clan leader of the black demon Hunter Clan, blackpeak had led the treasure hunting team over the years and had found many historical remains, including various ancient tombs and ancient battlefields! There was a lot of death Qi, but none of them could compare to this place!
“Come on! Let’s break through the rock wall now!”
“We’re only one step away,” Yuan Shesha said impatiently,”and we’ll be able to return with a huge contribution! If it’s really Chiyou’s corpse, our demon race will win against the Wu race! By then, devil ancestor Wu Tian will definitely reward us handsomely!”
As he said this, yuanshe Sha started to circulate his immortal essence and was about to attack.
“Wait a moment!”
“I think … We should retreat … I have a bad feeling about this!” Blackpeak quickly advised. It’s very, very strong!”
“Heh, is there a place for you to speak here?” Yuan she Sha said disdainfully,”you’re just a mere servant. Go to the side and wait!” When you’ve made a great contribution, I can reward you with some benefits!”
“No!” Blackpeak insisted. This … This rock wall really shouldn’t be casually dug through! I’ve never felt such a terrifying killing intent in my life! If we act rashly, there won’t be any good results!”
“Come on!”
Yuan she Sha said with a look of disdain,”isn’t it just a bit of killing intent?” Could it bite you? Look at how cowardly you are! He deserved to be a slave for life! If you’re afraid, then get the h.e.l.l out of here! I won’t keep you!”
“Yuan she Sha!”
Chen Xiaobei stood up and shouted, ” “Blackpeak is my friend! If you dare to humiliate him again, I will definitely make you pay the price!”
“Is that so?”
When yuanshe Sha heard this, not only did he not show any fear, but he also revealed a strange and sinister smile. &Quot “You think I’m afraid of you?”
“What’s wrong? Are you finally going to take off your mask?” Chen Xiaobei’s eyes locked onto Yuan she Sha like a Falcon, his gaze so sharp that it could pierce through him!
Obviously, Chen Xiaobei had already noticed the problem with the yuan she Sha.
“It really is you?”
At the same time, jialuo and Yun fanqing also stared at Yuan she Sha like they were looking at prey.
In fact, jialuo and Yun fanqing were not stupid. They had long noticed the abnormality of Yuan she Sha.
Moreover, they seemed to be waiting for yuanshe Sha to reveal his true face, which was why they had yuanshe follow them.
“Right! It’s me!”
Yuan she Sha sneered. Suddenly, dark red celestial core power bloomed around his body. At first glance, it looked like a dark red flame had been ignited!
“This … This isn’t demonic Qi!”
Chen Xiaobei and blackpeak were outsiders. They did not know what was going on, but they could clearly feel that the dark red Qi flame on yuanshe Sha was not demonic Qi.
“It’s demonic Qi!”
“This guy is a spy the monster race has planted in our demon race!” Jia Luo said coldly. The true yuanshe Sha would have been killed by them long ago!”
&Quot undercover?! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei and blackpeak were dumbfounded.
“Whoosh …”
Sure enough, as the dark red flames flowed, the yuanshe evil revealed its true appearance.
He had red hair and a red beard. He was tall and st.u.r.dy, and his mouth revealed two extremely sharp tiger teeth. He was like a beast King that controlled the world, and his entire person exuded an extremely wild and arrogant aura!
“Heavenly … Heavenly Demon G.o.d! Sky-treading Crimson Tiger!”
Jia Lou’s expression changed drastically as he instantly recognized the other party’s ident.i.ty.
Yun fanqing could not help but be taken aback. It seemed that he had not expected the other party’s strength to be so terrifying.
“What is going on?” &Quot what’s going on? ” Chen Xiaobei asked, sensing the danger.
Jia Luo composed himself and explained,”not long ago, devil ancestor Wutian said that there are spies from other factions within our ranks!” They want to take this opportunity to find that person!”
&Quot however, devil ancestor Wutian was not sure who the spy was, and fanqing and I had just ascended. The spy did not know us, so he was the most suitable person to infiltrate and investigate the spy’s true ident.i.ty! &Quot
“That’s why fan Qing and I came here, and this sky-treading Crimson Tiger didn’t retreat even when everyone else was retreating! Later on, even though he knew that there was danger, he still followed us. It can be seen that there is indeed a problem with him!”
&Quot at this moment, we have confirmed the location of Chiyou’s corpse. Therefore, he no longer has to hide his ident.i.ty. He has finally revealed his true ident.i.ty! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei and blackpeak were both shocked by his words.
Blackpeak’s heart was naturally filled with boundless fear.
This was because the celestial core power that the sky-treading Red Tiger was displaying had far exceeded Chen Xiaobei’s in the battle just now. It had already reached the terrifying level of a three-star celestial G.o.d!
Just based on the strength of his opponent, blackpeak felt that his life no longer belonged to him!
Chen Xiaobei was even more surprised!
He didn’t expect that the demon race could actually plant spies in The Fiend Race!
Of course, this spy must have nothing to do with lady Nuwa. Otherwise, she would have told Chen Xiaobei about it when they contacted each other.
In other words, this Scarlet fiend sky-treading Tiger either came from the Hong Meng Demon Realm! Or they were the people of that extremely ambitious monster race giant!
The mysterious demon giant wanted to replace G.o.ddess Nuwa as the Supreme Saint of the demon race in this infinite cataclysm.
Before this, he had already done many things and set up many schemes. Even ju liusun, one of the twelve golden Immortals of the clan of enlightenment, had been instigated by him to defect!
From the looks of it, the demon race’s Big Shot did not only want to replace G.o.ddess Nuwa, but he also wanted to take care of Molo Wutian!
This ambition was truly boundless!
“I can only pretend to be a coward before I find the thing …”
The Scarlet fiend sky-treading Tiger raised its eyebrows and revealed a cruel smile.”When I get what I want, all of you will die!”
