Chapter 3751 - 3751 Chapter 3752-new Saint
3751 Chapter 3752-new Saint
[ Nuwa: in theory! ] When senior brother Tongtian was not here, the six of us heavenly path sages joined forces and were infinitely close to calculating the movement of mo Luo Wu Tian! If another heavenly path Saint joined in, they would definitely be able to divine your existence!
Chen Xiaobei: There were two sides to everything! Fortune and misfortune are unpredictable! I originally thought that getting the demonic imprint would be a great surprise! But now, it seemed like a huge catastrophe!
[ Nuwa: yes! ] That’s why I was in a hurry to find you! It’s to remind you that mo Luo Wutian will definitely tell everyone that you’re still alive. The appearance of the eighth heavenly path Saint will push you into a desperate situation!
Chen Xiaobei: When would he become a saint?
[ Nuwa: as far as I know, it should be the demon master Kunpeng! ]
Chen Xiaobei thought, kun Peng? That d.a.m.n traitor! He was actually about to become a saint!
When he saw the words ‘kun Peng, the demonic master’, Chen Xiaobei’s emotions were stirred up. He was even filled with anger.
The matter had to be traced back to the second immeasurable catastrophe.
At that time, the heavenly court of the demon tribe established by Emperor Taiyi and the Wu tribe led by the twelve ancestors of sorcery all posed a threat to the way of heaven. Therefore, they were schemed by the way of heaven and broke out in an abnormal s.p.a.ce war.
This battle was the second measureless cataclysm!
Originally, Taiyi had the bell of the East Emperor, the Emperor had the book of Luo and the river diagram, the demon race had tens of thousands of races that submitted to them, and the nine demonic sages. They had the absolute advantage in the war!
Under normal circ.u.mstances, the demon tribe would win and the Sorcerer tribe would surrender.
The final result was that the war was over, the casualties were minimized, and the damage to the mainland was also minimized.
However, the stronger the demon race would become, the greater the threat they would pose to the heavenly Dao.
Therefore, the heavenly Dao would never allow such an outcome to happen.
At the most critical moment of the war, the way of heaven instructed the demon master Kunpeng, the head of the nine pillars of the heavenly court of the demon tribe, to steal the book of Luo and the river diagram and break Emperor Jun’s cosmic stars formation!
Thus, Emperor Jun and the three ancestors of sorcery died together!
After losing his strong support, Taiyi was besieged by the eight ancestors of sorcery. Even with the bell of chaos, he was still forced to die with them.
Just like that, the war between the Sorcerer tribe and the demon tribe developed to a point where no one would stop until one of them was dead. As a result, the two powerful tribes that once dominated the universe were completely annihilated in the second immeasurable catastrophe!
And the mastermind behind all this was the heavenly Dao!
And the demon master kun Peng was the Lackey of the heavenly Dao! He was the most crucial hidden chess piece in this calamity!
Chen Xiaobei was closely connected to Taiyi and the Wu tribe. He hated kun Peng, the shameless traitor who had caused the downfall of the two tribes!
Of course, then again!
Kun Peng was a traitor and was spurned by the demon race. He hid in the northern nether sea and didn’t dare to come out. He didn’t even dare to resist when zhenyuanzi s.n.a.t.c.hed the river map of Luo!
However, Taiyi, Emperor Jun, and the twelve ancestors of sorcery all died miserably. Only Kunpeng survived and even pa.s.sed the third immeasurable cultivation tribulation!
And this was the benefit of kun Peng submitting to the heavenly Dao!
He took a step further and could see what was before his eyes!
The eighth heavenly path Saint was actually the demon master kun Peng!
Nuwa agreed. It was him! During the second immeasurable cultivation tribulation, Kunpeng was already an eight-star Sage-to-be. He had hidden in the beiming youhai for billions of years and had grown into a peak-level Sage-to-be.
Chen Xiaobei: ” so you’re saying that as long as you reach the peak of the sage-to-be. With the approval of the heavenly axiom, you can break through to the next level and become a saint? ”
Nuwa: It wasn’t that simple! Although the heavenly Dao was powerful, it could not do as it pleased. In some aspects, the heavenly Dao was also restricted by certain rules!
[ Nuwa: for example, becoming a Sage is not something that the heavenly Dao permits! ] In addition to the cultivation of a peak-stage Sage-to-be, one also needed the Fortune of beheading the three corpses or the blessing of the immeasurable virtue to prove the way and become a Sage!
Chen Xiaobei: ” if that’s the case, then the kun Peng doesn’t have the ability to split the three corpses. He doesn’t have the blessing of the infinite public morality either. How can he prove his Dao? ”
Nuwa, the Grand Wizard Houtu! He was the reincarnated ancient immortal chosen by the Kunpeng during the winter solstice festival!
Chen Xiaobei, Houtu?
Nuwa agreed. Back then, eleven of the twelve ancestors of sorcery had died with Taiyi Emperor Jun. Only Houtu had not partic.i.p.ated in the battle!
[ G.o.ddess nvywa: Houtu knew that the Wu tribe was at a disadvantage in the war. In order to give the Wu tribe a chance to survive, she sacrificed her own life and evolved the six paths of earth realm to complete the law of reincarnation and obtain infinite merits! ]
Nuwa said, ” that’s why the souls of those who died in the war between the Sorcerer and demon can still enter the land. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be twelve ancestors of sorcery and Eastern Emperor Taiyi in the winter solstice festival! &Quot This was the chance of survival that Houtu had exchanged her life for!
Chen Xiaobei: ” you mean … The kun Peng b.a.s.t.a.r.ds want to take over Houtu’s infinite public morality? ” And then become a saint?
Nuwa agreed. In fact, the kun Peng did not want to take it by force! All of this was the arrangement of the heavenly Dao!
Chen Xiaobei:
[ Nuwa: yes, it’s the heavenly Dao’s Secret scheme! ] Otherwise, how could Kunpeng be chosen as the Grand Wizard Houtu in the winter solstice festival?
Chen Xiaobei: I thought it was strange. Houtu has infinite public morality, so why didn’t the heavenly path Saints choose her? it turns out that she has long been appointed by the heavenly path to the kun Peng dog!
[ Nuwa: Xiaobei, you don’t have to worry too much about it. Whether it’s beheading the three corpses to verify your Dao or to verify your Dao with merit, you’ll still have to submit to the heavenly Dao in the end! ] As the saying goes, when the heavenly Dao is destroyed, the Saints will no longer exist!
Nuwa thought,”we high and mighty Saints are actually just a bunch of dogs under the feet of the heavenly Dao!” In order to survive, they would not dare to defy the heavens!
Chen Xiaobei! Mother Nuwa, don’t undervalue yourself! You are the same as my master, you have already seen the true face of the heavenly Dao. You are doing things that even dogs would not dare to do! One day, you will regain your freedom!
[ Nuwa: we’ll talk about the future in the future! ] I just want to tell you that beheading the three corpses and proving your Dao with merits are not the paths you should take! Otherwise, you’ll be like us, firmly controlled by the heavenly Dao!
Chen Xiaobei: My master pointed out two paths for me, both to prove the Dao with strength!
Nuwa: ” yes, that’s why during the winter solstice festival, senior brother Tongtian schemed against everyone except for Houtu. He only wanted to help you prove your Dao with your strength! &Quot
[ Sifu’s great kindness, I will never forget it! ]
Nuwa said,”let’s go back to kun Peng!” Because Houtu had ascended a long time ago, the kun Peng had been nibbling away at Houtu’s infinite public morality. A long time had pa.s.sed!
[ Nuwa: if nothing goes wrong, the kun Peng will be able to obtain a perfect infinite virtue in nine days. That will be the day he becomes a Saint! ]
“Nine days …” Chen Xiaobei thought to himself,”that means that I won’t be able to live past the tenth day after mo Luo Wutian betrays me!”
[ Nuwa: nothing is absolute! ] Perhaps, there was still a way to break out of this situation!
[ Chen Xiaobei: please enlighten me, G.o.ddess Nuwa! ]
