Chapter 3759 - 3759 Chapter 3760-accept
3759 Chapter 3760-accept
“Grandpa!”
Dugu zang Xian didn’t hesitate and immediately agreed to Saint venerable Yu Lin’s suggestion.
Of course, this wasn’t strange. Saint venerable Yu Lin was dugu zang Xian’s senior in the same clan and could even be considered dugu zang Xian’s ancestor. By calling him grandfather, he had already greatly elevated dugu zang’s seniority.
Of course, the seniority was just an empty t.i.tle.
Calling Saint venerable Yu Lin ‘grandfather’ would bring dugu zang Xian substantial benefits! That was the status of the city Lord! Power! And resources!
Just a moment ago, dugu zang Xian was being bullied by a small fire bull demon. But from now on, even the fire bull demon’s Pearl, Saint venerable purple ROC, would have to give in to dugu zang Xian.
After all, the Jade Kylin Saint was the second direct disciple of the kun Peng demon master. His status, cultivation, and prestige were only below that of the kun Peng demon master and the first disciple. He naturally did not dare to offend purple ROC Saint venerable!
“Good! Good, good, good! My good granddaughter!”
Saint Yulin was genuinely happy to have a grandson at his old age. He took out three white jade-like pills and handed them to dugu zang Xian.
“This is the Jade Kylin divine origin pill! It was refined from this old master’s own blood essence. Take it and consume it, it will be of great help to your cultivation!”
Yu Lin Saint looked at dugu zang Xian with adoration.
As the saying goes, blood is thicker than water.
Although this was the first time Saint Jade Qilin and dugu zang Xian had met, the origin of their bloodlines gave them a natural sense of familiarity.
This sense of intimacy was further enhanced, and it was kins.h.i.+p!
“Thank you for your kindness, Grandpa …”
Immortal dugu zang was sensible and didn’t want to take advantage of Saint Yu Lin. He humbly declined,”This pill should be extremely precious, I don’t dare to accept it …”
Obviously, the Jade Kylin Saint was already in the pre-Saint realm. He had to pay a huge price to use his own blood to refine pills!
It could be seen how precious this pill was!
It was no exaggeration to say that even if the demon master kun Peng wanted this elixir, the Jade Kylin Saint might not be willing to take out three of them.
Dugu zang could truly feel the love from Saint venerable Yu Lin and was naturally very touched. That was why he declined the offer, as he didn’t want his grandfather to spend so much money on him.
“Take it!”
Saint Yu Lin smiled and said, ” “You’re a good and sensible child! However, a pill of this level is no longer useful to grandfather’s cultivation. There’s no point in keeping it with grandfather!”
“Then … Alright! Thank you, Grandpa!”
Dugu zang Xian naturally couldn’t decline the offer, so he took the three Jade Kylin divine origin pills with both hands.
After that, Saint Yu Lin reminded him seriously, ” &Quot this kind of pill can greatly increase your cultivation. After you take one, you should get used to it for a while before taking another. Otherwise, I’m afraid that you won’t be able to control the increase in your cultivation and will hurt yourself instead! &Quot
“A great increase? How much can you improve?” Immortal dugu zang asked curiously.
The Jade Kylin Saint smiled. &Quot you’re only a one-star celestial immortal now, but this pill is a three-star Sage-to-be. I haven’t tried it, but it can at least help you reach the mid-stage Mystic immortal realm! &Quot
&Quot mid-stage Mystic immortal?! &Quot
Not only dugu zang, but even Chen Xiaobei could not believe his ears.
A one-star celestial immortal directly reaching the middle-stage Mystic immortal realm!
There was a gap of fourteen to fifteen major realms in between!
However, just like what Saint Jade Qilin had said, dugu zang Xian’s cultivation realm was too far away from the pill’s grade. Therefore, the pill’s effect would be exceptionally good.
On the contrary, the Jade Kylin Saint was a four-star quasi-Sage, so this pill would no longer have any effect.
That was why the Jade Qilin Saint said that there was no point in keeping the pills with him.
It was also because this kind of elixir had lost its effect that the Jade Kylin Saint didn’t continue to make more and only had three left.
Its preciousness was self-evident!
“Xuan bei!”
However, at this moment, dugu zang Xian made a shocking decision.
She walked to Chen Xiaobei’s side and stuffed the three Jade Kylin divine origin pills into his hands.
&Quot what are you doing?! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei was stunned. He did not understand what dugu zang Xian was trying to do.
“My good granddaughter! You … You can’t mess around!”
Even the Jade Kylin Saint was anxious. His old face was stiff and he kept swallowing his saliva.
Three Jade Kylin divine origin pills were given to an outsider. Even though Jade Kylin Saint master had a Sage-like demeanor, he couldn’t help but feel the pain.
“Grandpa!”
Immortal dugu zang explained,”I was born in the earth-G.o.d Realm, so I’ve known since I was a child that I’ll follow the man I marry!” Xuan bei is my husband. Everything I have, including myself, belongs to him!”
&Quot this … &Quot Chen Xiaobei was stunned.
Chen Xiaobei and dugu zang Xian’s fiancé relations.h.i.+p was fake.
However, at this moment, immortal dugu zang’s att.i.tude made it seem as if he wanted to turn the act into reality!
“My good granddaughter! Even … Even if you love your husband! There was no need to give him all three pills! You keep two for yourself! No! Even if it’s just one for yourself!”
The Jade Kylin Saint was really anxious.
He had taken out his most precious treasure in the hope that his granddaughter could quickly become stronger.
However, this silly girl had given the treasure to an outsider.
He was really too silly and too naive!
&Quot Xian ‘er, this pill is too precious. You should keep it for yourself! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei felt a little guilty and said, ” “Although we are ‘husband and wife’, these pills were given to me by the Jade Qilin Saint. It’s really not appropriate for you to give me all of them …”
The Jade Qilin Saint nodded, finally having a higher opinion of Chen Xiaobei.
At least this kid had some conscience and didn’t forget his friends for profit!
If Chen Xiaobei really accepted the three pills, the Jade Kylin Saint would look down on Chen Xiaobei for the rest of his life!
“There’s nothing inappropriate about it!”
However, even in such a situation, dugu zang Xian was still very insistent and even said in an extremely solemn tone, ” “In the past, now, and in the future, I will always rely on you! If you’re strong, I’ll be safe! If you die, I won’t live alone!”
“This …”
Chen Xiaobei was dumbfounded.
This chick didn’t play by the rules at all. He really didn’t know how to deal with her.
“My good granddaughter! Now that things have come to this, grandfather must speak frankly!”
Saint Yulin said in a deep voice,”this young master Xuan bei’s bloodline is far inferior to yours, and his future achievements will also be far inferior to yours!” If you truly love him, you should properly increase your strength. In the future, if you encounter a great calamity, it will be safer for you to protect him!”
Chen Xiaobei was a little annoyed.
Chen Xiaobei did not accept the pills out of morality, not out of submission.
According to the Jade Qilin Saint, he wanted Chen Xiaobei to live off a woman!
This was absolutely unacceptable!
“I can’t bear to see my Xianer fighting and killing!”
Chen Xiaobei took the three pills and grinned. &Quot “Just leave this kind of rough work to me!”
