Chapter 3772 - 3772 Chapter 3773-shock
3772 Chapter 3773-shock
Jade Qilin Palace.
Immortal dugu zang had taken some cultivation-enhancing medicinal pills and was currently circulating his cultivation art to digest them.
The Jade Kylin Saint sat not far away and guided her silently.
“Phew …”
Immortal dugu zang let out a long breath and revealed a joyful expression. &Quot grandpa’s Mystic Divine pill is really effective. In just a short while, I’ve already reached the peak of the three-star heaven immortal realm! &Quot
&Quot yes, your apt.i.tude is excellent, so the effect of the upgrade is very good! &Quot
The Jade Kylin Saint nodded and said with regret, ” &Quot what a pity. If you had taken the Jade Kylin divine origin pill that Grandpa had made personally, your cultivation would have been several times, or even ten times higher than it is now! &Quot
The Jade Kylin divine origin pill was refined by the Jade Kylin Saint venerable using his own blood essence, and it was extremely beneficial to one’s cultivation!
The most important thing was that the Qilin was a sacred beast of all worlds, and its entire body was a treasure! Blood, marrow, tendons, bones, skin, flesh, scales, horns, claws, all of them were items that gathered the spiritual energy of heaven and earth!
Because of this, the Jade Kylin divine origin pill was very different from other pills. While it could greatly improve one’s cultivation base, it would not bring about any side effects, nor would it leave behind any flaws. It could be called a perfect improvement!
Because of this, after the first immeasurable cultivation tribulation, the number of Dragons and phoenixes rose again. Only the number of Qilin decreased, almost to the point of extinction.
The thought of the three Jade Qilin divine origin pills being taken by Chen Xiaobei made the Jade Qilin saint’s heart ache.
“Grandpa, don’t feel sorry for him. Xuan bei will definitely come back!” She said.
Immortal dugu zang said with great confidence,”And I can guarantee that the three Jade Kylin divine origin pills we’ve given out today will be returned tenfold, or even a hundredfold, by Xuan bei in the near future! He definitely won’t let Grandpa down!”
“Silly girl …”
“Why do you trust that kid so much?” Yu Lin Saint smiled bitterly. What was the value of the Jade Kylin divine origin pill? What right does he have to repay us ten times or even a hundred times?”
“I have absolute trust in Xuan bei! Because I understand him!”
“Back then, I only gave him some small favors,” immortal dugu zang said,”later on, he helped me tide over the great tribulations several times and even helped me resolve the knot in my heart! Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to ascend to the immortal world and see such a good grandfather like you!”
“Such a small mouth, you really know how to talk!” “Three pills are worth it to have such a good granddaughter like you!” The Jade Kylin Saint was amused.
“I know very well that Grandpa dotes on me! It’s my great fortune to have such a good grandfather like you!” Immortal dugu zang said.
“Alright! Don’t praise Grandpa!”
“No matter how much you trust Xuan bei, your engagement with the purple ROC Saint can not be changed!” You might think that I’m heartless, but in the future, you’ll understand that everything I’ve done is for your own good!”
“There’s no need for the future. I know now that Grandpa is doing this for my own good! But, Grandpa, you don’t understand Xuan bei at all!”
“I’ve already made a bet with you,” said dugu zang.”He’ll definitely come back!” By then, purple ROC Saint master would have been killed! Either submit like a dog! There’s no third possibility!”
“This is impossible!”
The Jade Kylin Saint shook his head and said,”silly girl, no one will believe you no matter what you say!” Even a three-year-old child wouldn’t believe it!”
&Quot report!!! &Quot
At this moment, a guard flew in at high speed and reported in a clear voice, ” “Yu Lin Saint Sir! Purple ROC Saint and … And … And Xuan bei are here to see you!”
&Quot what??? ”
The Jade Kylin Saint was dumbfounded as if he had been struck by lightning. He was completely stunned and his brain almost short-circuited.
Looking at dugu zang Xian again, Saint Yulin’s eyes were filled with endless shock, horror, and disbelief.
“Grandpa, you’ve lost the bet!” Immortal dugu zang smiled slyly and said, ” “You must agree to one condition of mine. You can’t go back on your word!”
“Grandpa will not lie to you!”
Jade Kylin Saint said to the door, ” “Bring them to the guest hall, we’ll be there soon!”
After that, the guard flew back to the palace and brought Chen Xiaobei and the purple ROC Saint in.
Meanwhile, Jade Qilin Saint master and dugu zang Xian also stood up and walked towards the guest hall.
As he walked, the Jade Kylin Saint mumbled to himself in shock, ” “Xuan bei, Oh Xuan bei! Who are you … Who are you? Saint?”
In the reception hall, everyone met.
The Jade Kylin Saint asked impatiently, ” “Seventh Junior Brother, why have you come back? Why are you still with young master Xuan bei?”
Clearly, Jade Qilin Saint thought that purple ROC Saint should have killed Chen Xiaobei instead of working with him.
Could it be as dugu zang had said, that Saint venerable purple ROC had already surrendered?
Jade Kylin Saint couldn’t believe it, so he asked purple ROC Saint immediately.
&Quot second senior brother, you must be joking … &Quot purple ROC Saint master said, ” “I’m back to cancel the engagement …”
“What? Cancel … Cancel the engagement?” The Jade Kylin Saint was dumbfounded and couldn’t believe his ears.
“Right! I want to cancel the engagement …”
Purple ROC Saint master’s face turned gloomy and he said humbly, ” &Quot I’ve thought about it carefully. I’m not worthy of young lady dugu! &Quot
&Quot not worthy?! &Quot
“Seventh Junior Brother, are you kidding me?” Yu Lin Saint asked, embarra.s.sed. With your ident.i.ty, status, wealth, connections, family background, and qualifications, how could you not be worthy of Xianer? If I’m not even worthy of you, who else can?”
“Of course!”
Purple ROC Saint venerable said with a serious face, ” “Young master Xuan bei is the best candidate! I can use my life to guarantee that in this world, only young master Xuan bei is worthy of young lady dugu!”
&Quot what??? ” The Jade Kylin Saint was even more confused. He even wondered if he was dreaming.
Just a while ago, purple ROC Saint venerable had arrogantly proposed marriage and even forced back Saint mo Luan and Saint Jin Luan.
More importantly, the purple ROC Saint did not care about Chen Xiaobei at all. He even had the intention to kill Chen Xiaobei.
But now, purple ROC Saint was like a completely different person. Not only did he break off the engagement, but he also treated Chen Xiaobei with utmost respect.
This was simply too outrageous!
&Quot it seems like Xian ‘er is telling the truth … &Quot Jade Kylin Saint couldn’t believe it, but he had to believe it.
The purple ROC Saint had already submitted to Chen Xiaobei!
“Seventh Junior Brother, since you want to break off the engagement, then … What about the two kun Peng Holy Meridian pills?” Saint Yu Lin asked.
&Quot uh … &Quot purple ROC Saint master’s face was filled with pain, and his heart was bleeding, ” &Quot it was I who broke the contract. As a deposit, you don’t have to return the two kun Peng sacred Meridian pills. Leave them to lady dugu! &Quot
&Quot what??? ”
Dumbfounded!
The Jade Kylin Saint was completely dumbfounded!
“Xuan bei! You really didn’t let me down!”
On the other side, dugu zang Xian’s smile was more beautiful than a flower.
“Is there a need to say that?”
&Quot alright! &Quot Chen Xiaobei grinned. &Quot come on, give me one of the kun Peng Holy Meridian pills. Let’s see what it tastes like! &Quot
