Chapter 3765 - 3765 Chapter 3766-contempt
3765 Chapter 3766-contempt
“Alright, go ahead!”
To the Jade Qilin Saint, Chen Xiaobei was the G.o.d of plague in his family.
As long as he could send Chen Xiaobei away, the Jade Kylin Saint was willing to pay any price, let alone a problem.
“I want to know how I can meet Yao s.h.i.+ in the near future.”
Chen Xiaobei went straight to the point and asked the question that he wanted to know the most.
Chen Xiaobei’s main goal in coming to the Holy puppet city was to stop kun Peng from becoming a saint.
However, there were only nine days left before the kun Peng completely seized the infinite virtue of Houtu. Normally, during this time, the kun Peng would not stop s.n.a.t.c.hing the merit and would not meet anyone.
When Chen Xiaobei first arrived at this place, he had no idea where to start.
Fortunately, he had gotten to know Yu Lin Saint venerable through dugu zang. The second direct disciple of demon master kun Peng should know him well.
Chen Xiaobei wanted to know how he could meet kun Peng in nine days.
As long as he could meet kun Peng, Chen Xiaobei would have a way to plot against him. If he could not meet kun Peng, Chen Xiaobei would not be able to force his way in.
Once nine days pa.s.sed, the kun Peng would become a saint, and everything would be irreversible.
“What do you want to see the demon master for?”
Saint Yulin asked in a deep voice,”do you want to be my disciple?” Or is there something you need from Yao s.h.i.+?”
“Old man, don’t ask so many questions. Just answer me truthfully!” Chen Xiaobei said in a serious tone.
&Quot that’s easy. You’ll see demon master in ten days … &Quot Jade Kylin Saint said.
“I can’t wait that long!”
“Three days!” Chen Xiaobei interrupted. I must see the demon master within three days! Tell me the answer!”
“This … This is impossible!”
&Quot master Yao has already given strict orders that he’s going into a life-or-death seclusion, ” Saint Yulin said. &Quot the entire Yuan religion has been sealed off. We’ll only open it to the public in ten days! &Quot
“Old man, you really don’t have a way?” Chen Xiaobei squinted his eyes, a cunning look in them.
“I really have no choice!” Jade Kylin Saint shook his head.
“Alright! Xianer! Let’s go!” Chen Xiaobei shrugged and turned to dugu zang Xian.
“Alright,” he said. Dugu zang nodded obediently and ran to Chen Xiaobei’s side, ready to leave together.
“You guys stop!”
Jade Kylin Saint was a little surprised and said seriously, ” “Xian er! You’ve already agreed to purple ROC Saint venerable’s marriage, you can’t leave, and you can’t leave with this kid!”
Immortal dugu zang smiled and said in a justified manner, &Quot I’ve already told you that the engagement will only be valid after the betrothal gifts are sent. I’m still single now, so why can’t I leave with Xuan bei? ”
“The purple ROC Saint venerable has already given you two kun Peng sacred Meridian pills! If you leave, will he let you go?” Yu Lin Saint frowned and his tone was full of anxiety.
“Grandpa, just push all the blame onto me and let him come to me.” Dugu zang Xian shrugged, took Chen Xiaobei’s arm, and was about to leave the scene.
This was the rhythm of eloping!
The Jade Kylin Saint naturally wouldn’t allow it. If I push all the blame onto you, the two of you will die without a doubt! Even if they fled to the ends of the earth, there was no way they could survive! There’s no way purple ROC Saint would let you guys go! Even the demon master would question him! Even I can’t bear it!”
“Grandpa … I know you care about me!”
Immortal dugu zang composed himself and said seriously, &Quot actually, it’s very simple. As long as you answer Xuan bei’s question, I’ll stay here! &Quot
Even though dugu zang Xian did not know what Chen Xiaobei was up to, she had absolute trust in Him. Since Chen Xiaobei was so concerned about this question, she would help him get the answer.
“It’s not that I don’t want to answer …”
The Jade Kylin Saint said helplessly,”the demon master has placed great importance on this closed-door cultivation, and no one dares to disturb him!” My idea might not be able to meet the demon master, but it is very likely to anger him. Why should I hit the muzzle of the gun?”
Obviously, the demon master Kunpeng could not make any mistakes in order to become a saint. Any small change could make him extremely nervous and explode with anger. The consequences would be unimaginable!
That was why the Jade Kylin Saint did not want to answer Chen Xiaobei’s question to avoid being punished.
Chen Xiaobei immediately promised, ” “Old man, don’t worry. As long as you answer truthfully, whether I can see the demon master or not, I will definitely keep it a secret. Even if I die, I will not involve you in this!”
“Grandpa!”
“Xuan bei always keeps his word!” Dugu zang Xian immediately put pressure on him. If you don’t agree, I’ll have to leave with Xuan bei! Our grandfather and grandson’s fate is settled!”
“Forget it! It’s all for you!”
Saint Yu Lin sighed and said, ” “In the current situation, there are only two ways to see demon master in three days! One was to offer a Saint-level treasure! The second is for demons with sacred level bloodlines to come to our Yuan religion to seek a master! Other than that, even if the sky falls, we won’t be able to see Yao master!”
“A sacred level treasure? Sacred level bloodline?”
Chen Xiaobei’s mind began to work on his plan.
“I’ve answered all my questions, you can leave now!” The Jade Qilin saint’s tone was stern. He would not allow Chen Xiaobei to stay.
“Good! I’ll leave now!”
Chen Xiaobei nodded and walked out of the palace.
“Xian ‘er, did you see that?” The Jade Kylin saint’s face turned cold and his eyes were filled with disdain.”This brat is just a heartless and unfeeling person! At least you two got along before, but he didn’t even say goodbye to you before he left!”
“He must have his own reasons for not greeting me …”
Dugu zang looked at Chen Xiaobei’s back, pursing his red lips and mumbling, ” “Perhaps we will meet again soon!”
“Impossible!”
Yu Lin Saint shook his head and said, ” “With Saint purple ROC’s personality, he must be waiting outside the palace right now. Once Xuan bei steps out of my Palace, he’ll be killed by Saint purple ROC! There’s no suspense!”
&Quot I had the same worry in the beginning … &Quot immortal dugu zang’s eyes narrowed as he said, ” &Quot but later, I realized that Xuan bei was very calm. This meant that he had a way to deal with Saint purple ROC! &Quot
“Is that even possible?”
Jade Kylin Saint laughed disdainfully. &Quot Xuan bei is merely an eight-star celestial immortal, while purple ROC Saint is a one-star Mystic immortal. The difference between them is like an ant compared to the sun. How can they fight against him?! &Quot
“I believe in Xuan bei!”
Dugu zang Xian did not explain because she did not know what Chen Xiaobei would do. However, she was just as confident as she was that Chen Xiaobei would be able to take care of the purple ROC Saint.
&Quot silly girl … &Quot the Jade Kylin Saint sighed helplessly.
“I’m not stupid!”
“Grandpa, you’re underestimating Xuan bei!” Dugu zang said seriously. I’m more and more certain that Xuan bei will return within half a day! As for purple ROC Saint venerable, he will either submit or die!”
