Chapter 3737 - 3737 Spying on them
3737 Spying on them
The first was the spiritual Jade. According to the h.e.l.lhound, it was worth three quadrillion low-grade spiritual stones, not a single stone less.
This was a month’s salary for the entire demon Army.
Without this sum of spiritual Jade, the morale of the demon Army would definitely be in chaos. It would be good enough if they did not rebel, let alone fight a war.
On the other hand, with these spiritual jades, Chen Xiaobei’s previous worries were no longer a problem. Most importantly, he could feed the 90000 ancient sorcerer Yin soldiers he had just subdued with spiritual Qi.
This would be Chen Xiaobei’s strongest trump card!
One had to know that even the three-star heavenly Fey G.o.d Crimson fiend sky-treading Tiger had been instantly killed by these ancient sorcerer Yin soldiers.
By Chen Xiaobei’s estimation, these ancient sorcerer nether soldiers would be able to defeat anyone below the level of a four-star divine realm expert!
Other than the spiritual Jade, Chen Xiaobei had also obtained a large amount of food. Some of them were for the demonic soldiers, and some for the demonic beast cavalry.
Just like the military, rations were also an essential thing in war.
The demon soldiers would definitely be dissatisfied with losing their provisions, and even the demon beast cavalry would find it difficult to appease them.
Even if he used his toes to think, he knew that the demon Army on the front line was about to welcome an unprecedented chaos.
This amount of food was not of much use to Chen Xiaobei, but he could bring it back to supplement the witch tribe’s Army.
Under such circ.u.mstances, the situation on the main battlefield would change in the short term.
Before the demons settled the chaos, the Sorcerer tribe would have the absolute advantage.
And the remaining items …
There were tens of billions of medicinal pills for healing, replenis.h.i.+ng immortal essence, detoxification, and short-term improvement of abilities … There were all kinds of pills.
There were tens of billions of weapons and equipment, blades, Spears, swords, halberds, axes, hooks, and so on.
However, the level of these pills and weapons were not high. After all, they were for the lower-level soldiers. Moreover, with such a large number of them, it was difficult to improve their quality.
Chen Xiaobei would not have much use for it, so he could only give it to the witch tribe.
It just so happened that the Sorcerer tribe was not good at alchemy and weapon forging due to their racial talents. These things were exactly what they needed the most.
Of course!
In addition to these basic resources.
In that storage bracelet, there were three other important things!
The first item was a token burning with dark golden demonic flames. There were special runes carved on it, and it seemed to be the commander’s seal for the highest commander of the demonic Army!
Of course, it was impossible for Chen Xiaobei to mobilize his troops. The most important use of the token was its material.
From the spiritual fluctuations, this token was made of at least a five star heavenly G.o.d tier metal!
Moreover, this metal had an extremely pure fire attribute.
That’s right!
Chen Xiaobei could use it as the fire spiritual base of the five elements spiritual base!
If he could gather the other four spiritual foundations of the same level, Chen Xiaobei would be able to activate the five-star divine power at the lowest cost. It would be awesome!
The second treasure was an octagonal Dark Compa.s.s.
After the spiritual connection, Chen Xiaobei was surprised to find that there was an independent s.p.a.ce hidden in the compa.s.s.
It was similar to the ‘sky-imprisoning painting of the northern Mystic’!
In the independent s.p.a.ce, there was an extremely terrifying formation.
It was called the ten-sided demonic tribulation ultimate formation!
Furthermore, the grade of this array had reached the astonis.h.i.+ng three-star Mystic deity level!
If he was not mistaken, this should be the Holy devil formation that the tribal chiefs of the Sorcerer tribe had mentioned earlier!
Three-star Mystic Divine level!
Once it was activated, it was enough to suppress an Army of hundreds of millions of heaven Immortals.
If they were combined with their own army, the power of the battle formation would increase greatly.
It was extremely terrifying!
However, just like the dark gold demonic flame token, Chen Xiaobei could not use the dark Compa.s.s as he pleased.
Otherwise, the demonic tribe would immediately know that it was Chen Xiaobei who had saved the two tribal chiefs and stolen the demonic Army’s core Treasury.
As for the last item, it was a little strange.
It was a broken ancient book, as if it had been burned by fire. More than half of it had been destroyed, and the rest of the content had been burnt black. It was almost impossible to read a complete sentence.
After Chen Xiaobei took a closer look, he realized that the word that was mentioned the most in this ancient book was ‘primordial spirit’!
From the looks of it, this was an ancient book about primordial spirits.
It was clearly in tatters and its contents could hardly be seen, but it had already been treated as a treasure by the higher-ups of the demon race.
Without a doubt, this book had an extremely important use!
Of course, Chen Xiaobei could not decipher it yet, and he could not take it out to ask Jia Lou. So, he could only keep it for now and look into it when he had the chance.
That was all that Chen Xiaobei had gained.
It could be said to be extremely rich and important. Not only could it influence the battle between the demon and sorcerer, but it could also reverse the situation at a critical moment.
This was crucial to Chen Xiaobei’s next move.
……
It took him seven days and seven nights!
Chen Xiaobei, Yun fanqing, and Jia Luo had finally reached the northernmost area of the ancient Barrens.
Jialuo’s plan was to bring Chen Xiaobei to meet Mo Luo Wutian.
Of course, Chen Xiaobei did not object to it. He had been planning and scheming along the way, and he could not wait to set up a trap for mo Luo Wutian!
By the way.
In the seven days of travel, Chen Xiaobei had used the talisman seven times.
Taiyin true deity, Sun Wukong, Yang Jian, Xiao Tianquan, Chi You, Fu Tianxin ‘er, and the Grand Wizard Houtu!
Chen Xiaobei already had a rough idea of where these seven people were. After he dealt with mo Luo Wutian, he would find a way to find them.
Among them, the first five were in the ancient Barrens, so it was easy to find them.
As for Fu Tian Xin ‘er and Chang’ e, they had already been taken away by mother Nuwa and were now being protected.
Later, when he could connect to the Three Realms intranet, Chen Xiaobei would be able to bring Fu Tian Xin ‘er and Chang’ e to his side.
As for the Grand Wizard Houtu, Chen Xiaobei had seen her with his own eyes, but he had not been able to control her. If he wanted to get her body, he had to find a way to capture her alive!
However, it would be a little awkward. He might have to turn the six-eared macaque into a woman to find out the exact location of its body!
Of course, there was another possibility. Houtu’s contract master had already taken her body away. In that case, six-eared macaque would not need to turn into a girl anymore. But it would be much more difficult to get back her body!
But in any case, it was also a kind of protection for her to find Hou Tu and control her first.
In these seven days, Chen Xiaobei also wanted to use the talisman to find the location of the ancestral witch’s body.
However, Chen Xiaobei realized that the talisman could only spy on things and people that the heavenly path Saints could spy on.
For example, Chen Xiaobei, mo Luo Wu Tian, and the corpse of the ancestor of sorcery were all existences that the heavenly path Saints could not predict and spy on. Therefore, the sky glimpse divine talisman could not be used.
“We’re here!”
After climbing up a mountain, Jia Luo raised his hand and pointed forward.
Chen Xiaobei looked over and was shocked!
