Chapter 3748 - 3748 Chapter 3749-method
3748 Chapter 3749-method
“Swis.h.!.+”
Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit had fully recovered, and had even reached the level of a one-star quasi-Sage.
At this moment, the amount of mental energy consumed by using the Ling jiuxiao technique was like a drop in the ocean. It was almost negligible. He did not have to worry about his mental energy being exhausted even after using it for tens of thousands of times.
This time, Chen Xiaobei did not use Ling jiuxiao to save mo Luo Wutian. Instead, he used it to appear behind Jia Luo.
Jia Luo was only a five-star celestial immortal, his cultivation was not even as high as Chen Xiaobei’s.
“Bang!”
Chen Xiaobei channeled his celestial core power and smacked jialuo on the back of her head, knocking her out.
Then, Chen Xiaobei removed the talisman from Yun fanqing’s body and stuck it on Jia Luo’s body. This way, when she woke up, she would be sealed and would not be able to move or fight.
“Fan Qing!”
Chen Xiaobei calmed himself down and used his real face to look at Yun fanqing at a close distance.
Even though Yun fanqing’s appearance had changed a lot, Chen Xiaobei could still see her in her eyes.
Perhaps this was why Jia Lou felt so close to Chen Xiaobei.
Because Jia Luo could see Chen Xiaobei’s shadow in Xuan bei. That lingering feeling would probably not change even in three lifetimes.
“Xiaobei! It’s great that you’re alive …”
Yun fanqing was also staring at Chen Xiaobei. Her beautiful eyes were red and she could not help but cry.
Of course, she was crying because she was happy!
Tears of joy!
“Boom boom boom …”
At the same time, not far away, the 27 devil Saints attacked together again, launching the second wave of attack on mo Luo Wutian.
Of course, no matter how much of a ruckus they made, it would not affect Chen Xiaobei and Yun fanqing’s reunion.
In fact, Yun Fan had liked Chen Xiaobei since early in the morning. However, she was still a monk at that time, so she could not express her feelings.
At that time, Chen Xiaobei had a good impression of Yun fanqing, but he was also concerned about Yun fanqing’s status as a saintess of Buddhism. So, he did not go any further than that.
But! Now! Chen Xiaobei and Yun fanqing had been through life and death situations together. Even if they did not say anything, they already knew what each other was thinking.
It was precisely because of this that they looked at each other affectionately at this moment, with a hint of lovers finally getting married.
Happiness! Sweet! A direct attack on the soul!
The two of them even hoped that time would stop at this second forever and not change for all eternity!
As for mo Luo Wutian, they couldn’t be bothered to care about him. He deserved to die!
&Quot Chen Xiaobei … Save me … I can help Yun fanqing return to his original form … &Quot
Suddenly, mo Luo Wutian let out a painful wail, interrupting Chen Xiaobei’s mood.
Chen Xiaobei could ignore everything else! Chen Xiaobei could even ignore the appearance of the eighth heavenly path Saint!
However!
Chen Xiaobei could not refuse the offer that mo Luo Wutian had just thrown out.
Help Yun fanqing restore his original appearance!
This was something that Chen Xiaobei wanted to do even in his dreams!
After all, it was because of Chen Xiaobei that Yun fanqing fell into mo Luo Wutian’s trap and ended up in this state.
If Yun fanqing could not recover, Chen Xiaobei would never be able to live in peace.
Therefore, Chen Xiaobei was moved by the condition that mo Luo Wutian offered to let Yun fanqing go.
“BOOM! BOOM! Boom …”
At the same time, the third wave of attack from the twenty-seven devil Saints had suddenly fallen, blasting Molo Wutian with cuts and bruises all over his body. He was spurting blood wildly, and his eyes were dazed and his mind was in a trance. He looked like he was at the end of his life!
From the looks of it, as long as the fourth wave of attack falls, mo Luo Wutian will die without a doubt!
However, it had to be said that mo Luo Wutian was really very smart.
Before he died, he managed to convince Chen Xiaobei.
“Woof! Whoos.h.!.+”
Chen Xiaobei then sent Yun fanqing and Jia Luo into the verdant Emperor’s divine gourd.
“Ling jiuxiao!”
Chen Xiaobei appeared next to mo Luo Wutian and asked, ” “Speak! How can I save you?”
Chen Xiaobei did not agree to mo Luo Wutian’s request because of the enmity between them, but also because there was no way Chen Xiaobei could save mo Luo Wutian!
There were 27 demonic Saints around him, and any one of them could easily crush Chen Xiaobei.
Mo Luo Wutian must have known about this.
He knew that Chen Xiaobei had no way to save him, but he insisted that Chen Xiaobei come to save him. This meant that he had already thought of a way to escape.
“Hahaha … Chen Xiaobei! Do you have a pig’s brain? It was clearly a dead end, yet you didn’t run away, but rushed in to die? It’s so stupid!”
Seeing this, the 27 devil Saints around them started laughing.
Even Chen Xiaobei could not do anything about it!
The 27 devil Saints could not think of any possibility to save mo Luo Wutian either!
That was why they all laughed and looked at Chen Xiaobei like he was a stupid pig. They were not worried that Chen Xiaobei would escape from their palms.
Whoosh … Whoosh … Whoosh …
Of course, even though they were not worried, the 27 devil Saints were not stupid!
On the contrary, they were very smart and cautious! Even if this matter seemed to be a sure win, they would not relax!
The fourth wave of their joint attack was about to be launched, and they would be able to kill both Chen Xiaobei and Mo Luo Wutian!
Only by completely eliminating the roots could they truly be at ease!
&Quot boom boom boom … Boom boom boom … &Quot
All of a sudden, 27 streams of terrifying power gathered above him! It was as if the Nebula in the 27 heavens was surging with a force that could overturn the universe, like a trillion giant volcanoes that were ready to erupt!
Before the power was unleashed, the aftershock alone was enough to shatter the void and cause the s.p.a.ce to tremble violently. It even caused the s.p.a.ce to crack and collapse at any time.
“Wutian! Why don’t you say something! I don’t want to die with you!”
Chen Xiaobei’s brows furrowed and his heart clenched. He was ready to use the penetrate the nine Heavens to escape.
However, the soaring jiuxiao could only teleport a short distance. The attack range of the 27 devil Saints was extremely wide. Even if Chen Xiaobei wanted to use the soaring jiuxiao to retreat, he might not be able to reach a safe area.
Chen Xiaobei’s life and death were at stake!
Whether he lived or died, whether he succeeded or failed, it all depended on what method mo Luo Wutian could come up with!
Even in such a situation, mo Luo Wutian was still in a dilemma. He was not sure if he should tell Chen Xiaobei about the method!
However, mo Luo Wutian was very calm. He knew that this was the only way to get out of this situation! If he did not tell Chen Xiaobei, he would be dead!
“Chen Xiaobei! In my sea of Qi dantian …”
Mo Luo Wutian gritted his teeth and said word by word, ” &Quot the demonic mark is currently ownerless!!! &Quot
