Chapter 3771 - 3771 Chapter 3772-terrifying
3771 Chapter 3772-terrifying
“What … What bold idea?”
&Quot what’s wrong? ” purple ROC Saint did not dare to say anything, but he could not hold back his curiosity and asked Chen Xiaobei.
“There’s no harm in telling you!” “You already know enough of my secrets!” Chen Xiaobei sneered. I will never let you go!”
&Quot I … &Quot purple ROC Saint master’s face turned green.
He really wanted to give himself a hundred and eight tight slaps. Asking about Chen Xiaobei’s Secret just to satisfy his curiosity would only trap him in Chen Xiaobei’s palm. He would never escape!
Chen Xiaobei raised his eyebrows and said, ” “You have 30 billion upper-cla.s.s spiritual Jade in your Treasury, and you still have a few hundred million in your storage bracelet! And so on, your senior brothers should all be very rich, right?”
“This …”
Saint purple ROC was stunned for a moment and said, ” &Quot fourth senior brother, fifth senior brother, and sixth senior brother aren’t as rich as me … However, eldest senior brother, second senior brother, and third senior brother are much richer than me! &Quot
“Especially eldest senior brother. In the past trillion years, his cultivation base has been stagnant. All he could think of was to make money! A conservative estimate would be that his wealth is ten times or even more than mine!”
“Not bad!”
“Other than your s.h.i.+xiong, there’s also the demon master kun Peng!” I want to gather everyone’s wealth! This way, I might be able to realize my bold idea!”
“You … What do you want? “You won’t be able to use up all that spiritual Jade anyway …” Purple ROC Saint looked confused, unable to guess Chen Xiaobei’s intentions.
Chen Xiaobei raised his eyebrows and said in a mysterious tone, ” “I want to create a heavenly path Sage!”
“What?”
When purple ROC Saint heard this, he was dumbfounded, ” “Did I hear wrong? Or are you wrong? Create what? A heavenly path Sage?”
“Right! That’s the heavenly path Sage!” Chen Xiaobei smiled confidently. He already had a plan in mind.
“G.o.d Chen! Why don’t you tell us the entire plan! Don’t keep me in suspense … I’m dying of curiosity!” Purple ROC Saint master was dumbfounded and confused.
If someone else said that they wanted to create a heavenly path Saint, purple ROC Saint would never believe it.
However, purple ROC Saint believed Chen Xiaobei’s words. After all, Chen Xiaobei was a man who could withstand the attack of a heavenly Saint. It was possible for him to do anything!
“My plan is very simple, four words! Six-eared macaque!” Chen Xiaobei smiled evilly and confidently.
&Quot six…Six… Six-eared macaque! &Quot
Purple ROC Saint master wasn’t stupid. He immediately understood and shrieked, ” &Quot are you planning to use the six-eared macaque transformation to become my master and then become a saint with infinite public morality? ”
“That’s right! This is my plan!” Said Chen Xiaobei with a smile.
“Chen Xiaobei! You’re not human! He was a super demon! How could you even come up with such a ghostly idea! This is crazy … This is simply too, too, too crazy!”
Purple ROC Saint could not stay calm anymore. His eyes were locked and his scalp was numb. He was starting to feel a strong fear of Chen Xiaobei.
It was as if Chen Xiaobei was some kind of extremely terrifying existence. Purple ROC Saint would feel a chill run down his spine and his limbs if he looked at Chen Xiaobei for a second longer.
This shocking plan was simply terrifying to the extreme!
Only a monster like Chen Xiaobei would be able to think of that!
Once he succeeded, the current situation would definitely change dramatically, and many things would be completely overturned!
“You don’t have to be so nervous!”
Chen Xiaobei said calmly, ” “Although I have this plan, I can’t achieve my final goal right now! The six-eared macaque can only stay at the peak stage of the pre-Saint realm for now. If it wants to become a saint, it has to find another opportunity!”
“This …”
Purple ROC Saint venerable was very smart. He thought about it carefully and said, ” “Yes … Even if Liu er copies my master’s infinite public morality, one must be recognized by the heavenly Dao to become a saint! Otherwise, you’ll be like the Grand Wizard Houtu, who has merits but can’t become a saint!”
“That’s right!”
&Quot yes! &Quot Chen Xiaobei nodded and said, ” the six-eared macaque transformation can fool most people but it can’t fool the heavenly Dao and the Saints! Therefore, the six-eared macaque can’t become a saint Just yet!”
&Quot but once he reaches the peak stage of the sage-to-be, he’ll be a great help to me. In the future, if there’s a chance, six-eared macaque will become a Sage and finally realize my plan to create a Sage! &Quot
Clearly, Chen Xiaobei was very calm. He had already calculated everything.
This time, he was going to use all his wealth to help six-eared macaque become a kun Peng.
With a peak-stage Sage-to-be as his bodyguard, Chen Xiaobei could do whatever he wanted in most of the universe!
Of course, the most important thing was that doing so would prevent the kun Peng from becoming a saint!
Otherwise, once the kun Peng became the new Saint, Chen Xiaobei would be exposed and the prime of Tongtian would be abandoned.
That was why Chen Xiaobei had to stop kun Peng from becoming a saint at all costs!
“G.o.d Chen … You’re too scary …”
Purple ROC swallowed hard. From this moment on, he had started to admire Chen Xiaobei from the bottom of his heart.
This plan was not only insane, but it was also carefully thought out. Chen Xiaobei had no weaknesses.
Purple ROC Saint was even considering whether he should just go with the flow and submit to Chen Xiaobei.
Of course, he was only considering it for now!
If Chen Xiaobei’s plan failed, purple ROC Saint would still be on kun Peng’s side.
However, if Chen Xiaobei’s plan succeeded, the purple ROC Saint would naturally submit to Chen Xiaobei and become his dog. He would even persuade his father, the Golden-winged ROC, to form an alliance with Chen Xiaobei.
Purple ROC Saint was very smart. He had already prepared himself for two scenarios. Everything would depend on Chen Xiaobei’s success.
Before this, purple ROC Saint had even been willing to cooperate with Chen Xiaobei and help him with his plan.
The cultivation tribulation was coming, and purple ROC Saint venerable had to think for himself and choose a more favorable development. This was definitely something that smart people would do.
“G.o.d Chen! Since you already have an idea, I’ll take you to see my eldest senior brother now!” “As long as you can deal with my big senior brother, you’ll have a chance to meet the demon master. Then, you can carry out your plan!” Purple ROC Saint master said.
Chen Xiaobei looked at the purple ROC Saint with a sharp gaze that seemed to be able to see through his entire being. He could see through all his little plans!
“No rush, I haven’t thought of how to deal with that d.a.m.ned wild rabbit!” &Quot let’s go! &Quot Chen Xiaobei shrugged. &Quot let’s go back and find Xian er first! &Quot
