Chapter 3733 - 3733 Chapter 3734-anomaly
3733 Chapter 3734-anomaly
“Of course, no problem! You’ve made a huge contribution this time. As long as I report this to devil ancestor Wutian, he’ll definitely summon you immediately! It would be great if you could come with us!”
Jia Lou gave Chen Xiaobei a definite answer, not doubting Chen Xiaobei’s motives at all.
Of course, this was mainly because Chen Xiaobei’s demonized Dharmakaya was almost real and flawless.
Therefore, in Jia Lou’s eyes, Chen Xiaobei was a real Holy demon. He had made a great contribution to the demon race. There was no doubt about it.
Just like that, Chen Xiaobei successfully infiltrated the enemy’s base.
Jialuo would never have thought that Chen Xiaobei was going to meet Mo Luo Wutian not for any reward, nor would he want to be mo Luo Wutian’s disciple!
What Chen Xiaobei really wanted was to take revenge on mo Luo Wutian!
Even if he couldn’t take mo Luo Wu Tian’s life, he would at least peel off a layer of his skin!
Speaking of which, this matter was really extremely ironic!
Originally, mo Luo Wutian wanted Yun fanqing to become a demon to plot against Chen Xiaobei. Now, not only did he not plot against Chen Xiaobei, but he had also fallen into Chen Xiaobei’s trap.
If there were no accidents, this time, mo Luo Wutian would definitely be screwed by his wishful thinking.
After that, Chen Xiaobei, jialuo, and Yun fanqing left together.
As for blackpeak, he naturally had to stay behind and lead the treasure-hunting team in search of their next target.
Of course, after the next target was found, blackpeak would not report it to his superiors.
After this life and death adventure, blackpeak was dead set on forming an alliance with Chen Xiaobei! He could tell that Chen Xiaobei was someone who would achieve great things! He was also the only person who could change the fate of the entire black demon Hunter Clan!
So, if there were any clues about the treasure, blackpeak would definitely give it to Chen Xiaobei!
……
The first part of the journey to the North was not dangerous.
However, due to the depletion of Jiu fan’s immortal Qi, Chen Xiaobei’s Dharmakaya was in a terrible condition. He had to rely on Yun fanqing’s help to travel.
As a result, the three of them did not move quickly. It took them a long time before they finally arrived at the core military camp of the demon Army.
Previously, the demon army camp that stretched across the continent was the frontline combat force, only responsible for fighting according to orders.
And at this moment, this military camp was the brain of the demon Army, responsible for giving orders and making plans!
“We’ve been on the road for a long time. We’ll rest here tonight!” Jia Luo gave his instructions and then took the lead to enter the camp to negotiate.
Yun fanqing and Chen Xiaobei followed behind them.
This core military camp of the demons was an extremely important heart and brain of war! It was impossible for ordinary people to enter, and even demons were not allowed to enter without permission. Otherwise, they would be killed without mercy!
Jia Luo had to reveal his ident.i.ty as the emissary of the ancestor devil to be able to enter smoothly and receive decent treatment.
After entering the military camp, Chen Xiaobei had been observing his surroundings.
The security here was extremely tight, and every one of them was an elite soldier with extraordinary cultivation. They patrolled repeatedly, and even a fly could not dream of flying in.
Other than that, Chen Xiaobei also saw a few intermediate and advanced heavenly demon G.o.ds. Each of them was ferocious and had a strong aura.
All of this made Chen Xiaobei glad.
Fortunately, he and jialuo yunfan had become companions. Otherwise, it would have been impossible for them to enter this place.
It was even more impossible to save the Xuan Yu and flame scars chieftains. There was no chance of success.
That’s right!
Chen Xiaobei had another purpose for this trip-to save people!
Chen Xiaobei was still worried about how to save the two chieftains.
Now, with the help of Galos, Chen Xiaobei had sneaked into the core military camp. The difficulty of saving people had been reduced.
This was something that Chen Xiaobei had never thought of.
It could be considered a huge surprise.
Then, the three of them were brought to the rest area for distinguished guests. There were individual tents there. They didn’t look big, but the interior was very luxurious and comfortable.
Chen Xiaobei made an excuse that he wanted to have a good rest and went into a tent alone.
Jialuo Yun fanqing entered another tent.
After settling down, Chen Xiaobei called Xiao ‘er out from the verdant Emperor’s divine gourd.
This little fellow had been sleeping in the sunlight domain the entire time. It had already digested the two-star heavenly G.o.d-tier treasure chest that it devoured previously.
But this time, it had broken through to the mid-stage nine-star heaven immortal realm in one go.
At this rate, it wouldn’t take long for him to break through to the mystic immortal realm.
“Bro bei!”
When Xiao ‘er saw Chen Xiaobei, he quickly said, ” “I can already feel that the third pair of wings is about to grow out! As long as he broke through to the Xuan immortal stage, it would grow! At that time, I will have six wings!”
“Isn’t it just a pair of wings? Look at how excited you are!” Chen Xiaobei was confused.
“Bro bei! You don’t know yet!”
“When I grow six wings and twelve wings, I’ll be gifted with an innate ability that’s very powerful!” The waiter said. It can even be said that it will allow my strength to increase by leaps and bounds!”
“So that’s how it is! No wonder you’re so excited! I’m looking forward to it!” &Quot it’s not hard for you to break through. You just need to eat some of the blood Bodhi Divine tree’s leaves and sleep! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said.
“I think so too!” &Quot bro bei! &Quot Xiao ‘er said impatiently. &Quot if there’s nothing else, I’ll go back to the verdant Emperor’s divine gourd first! &Quot
“Don’t worry! Of course, there’s a reason for me to call you out!” &Nbsp ” I need to save two people later. You might have to bite the lock! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said.
“Alright! No problem!”
Xiao ‘er, the little glutton, immediately became excited. &Quot “I can smell a lot of fragrant treasures nearby! The lock bro bei was talking about should not be a low-level one! If I eat them all, I can eat less leaves!”
&Quot alright, get ready. We’ll set off now! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei then took out two super prosperous monkey fur and turned himself and Xiao ‘er into even smaller flying insects.
After that, Chen Xiaobei used his Natal purple Qi to cover himself and Xiao ‘er, making sure that no one would notice their movements. Then, he flew out of the tent.
Chen Xiaobei could have flown there alone, but his body was in such a bad condition that he was afraid of an accident.
The waiter was naturally loyal and took the initiative to fly in front.
Chen Xiaobei had already used the talisman to confirm where the two chieftains were locked up, so he did not need to take any detours to reach the place.
There were two heavy and hard black iron cages. Judging from the material, they were probably two-star divine level.
Within the cage, the two one-star Mystic Divine chieftains were already on the verge of death from the torture. Coupled with the numerous sealing divine talismans, they were completely unable to escape.
But!
Just as Chen Xiaobei and Xiao ‘er were about to make their move, something unexpected happened!
