Chapter 3742 - 3742 Chapter 3743-scheme
3742 Chapter 3743-scheme
A stone that caused a thousand ripples!
When mo Luo Wutian said the name ‘Chen Xiaobei’, everyone was shocked.
Yun fanqing, in particular, was shocked, his heart clenched, and all the hair on his body stood up.
Jia Luo felt the same, and his state was similar to Yun fanqing’S. He said impatiently, ” “Lord ancestor devil! Everyone knew that Chen Xiaobei had been killed by Daoist jieyin! There’s no chance of survival!”
“I know this! I don’t believe that Chen Xiaobei is still alive, but …”
Mo Luo Wutian muttered to himself for a moment before he said, ” &Quot however, when I tried to predict his fate just now, I couldn’t get any information at all! &Quot
Obviously, the people around them did not know about the existence of the demonic mark. It was impossible for mo Luo Wutian to tell them about it!
That was because the demonic mark was the life of mo Luo Wutian. It was his biggest and most important secret!
Coincidentally, mo Luo Wu Tian knew that Chen Xiaobei had the humanity mark on him!
As a peak-stage Sage-to-be, mo Luo Wutian was unable to predict the fate of an eight-star heaven immortal!
That was why mo Luo Wu Tian suspected that Xuan bei was Chen Xiaobei, who had the humanity mark!
But!
Mo Luo Wu Tian could not be completely sure, because he was not a heavenly path Sage!
In this world, other than the mark of humanity, there were many other things that could obstruct a quasi-Sage’s divination!
In other words, mo Luo Wutian was unable to divine Xuan bei’s fate. It could be that he was obstructed by the human Dao seal, or it could be that he was obstructed by other things!
However, if mo Luo Wu Tian was a heavenly path Saint and he still could not predict Xuan bei’s future, then he was almost certain that Xuan bei was Chen Xiaobei!
Unfortunately, mo Luo Wutian was one step behind and was unable to make the final judgment!
“Since you have your doubts, why did you ask Xuan bei to retrieve the candle Dragon’s body? That Chen Xiaobei is cunning and full of tricks. We can’t let him steal our fruits of victory!”
Several pre-Saints around him raised the same question.
In their eyes, Chen Xiaobei was a terrifying existence! If Chen Xiaobei did not die, he might have set them up and caused them to suffer a double loss!
“Everyone, don’t panic!”
&Quot that’s right! &Quot mo Luo Wutian was very calm. &Quot the reason why I sent Xuan bei to retrieve the ancestral wizard’s corpse was to test him! &Quot
“If he succeeds and returns here! That means that he is not Chen Xiaobei, but the future hope of the demonic race! He’s the brother of I, mo Luo Wu Tian! It’s the ancestor of the devil World!”
“If you succeed but don’t return! That would prove that he was Chen Xiaobei! Even if I, mo Luo Wu Tian, have to give up this great formation, I will definitely hunt him down and kill him!”
It was obvious that mo Luo Wutian was very smart. He had already calculated the various ways to deal with various situations.
The reason why mo Luo Wutian gave Chen Xiaobei the world destroying saint G.o.d pill, the demonic cross seal, and even set Chen Xiaobei free was because Chen Xiaobei could not get out of his Five Finger Mountain!
The reason why mo Luo Wu Tian could not leave for the time being was to suppress the s.p.a.ce Array beneath him.
However, if he could confirm that Xuan bei was Chen Xiaobei, he would immediately abandon the formation and use his peak-level Sage-to-be power to descend into the ancient Barrens.
By then, not only would Chen Xiaobei have nowhere to run, the 81 heavens of the primordial era would also be destroyed. He would not be able to fight back at all.
Then, mo Luo Wu Tian would be able to obtain all of Chen Xiaobei’s trump cards! He would occupy the entire ancient Barrens and find even more corpses of the wizard ancestors. He would then be able to control the twelve divine beings killing formation and truly embark on a path that went against the heavens and the Dao!
Everyone said that Chen Xiaobei was the most unscrupulous merchant in the Three Realms!
However, at this moment, mo Luo Wutian’s little plan was extremely shrewd!
Mo Luo Wutian had clearly calculated the pros and cons, pros and cons, and benefits of this game!
In fact, deep down, mo Luo Wutian hoped that Xuan bei was Chen Xiaobei. That would be even better for him!
“Devil ancestor Wutian!”
However, at this moment, Yun fanqing took the initiative to step forward and pleaded in a low voice, ” “If … I mean if Xuan bei is Chen Xiaobei, can you spare his life? I’m willing to convince him to join the devil! Let him work for the mo world with all his heart!”
&Quot heh, you’ve seen it too. There’s no way Xuan bei can escape from me. That’s why you’re pleading on his behalf. &Quot
“But you should know Chen Xiaobei better than I do!” Said mo Luo Wutian with a smile. Even if he were to die, he would not submit to me! So, your plea is invalid! As long as he doesn’t come back, I’ll kill him!”
&Quot this … &Quot Yun fanqing’s face was pale, and he was extremely nervous.
In fact, Yun fanqing did not know that Xuan bei was Chen Xiaobei. However, he had a special feeling about Xuan bei along the way.
After hearing mo Luo Wutian’s words, Yun fanqing finally realized why he felt so close to Xuan bei. An instinctive favorable impression? He even liked her a little!
This was because Xuan bei’s aura was very similar to Chen Xiaobei’s!
However, Yun fanqing did not want Xuan bei to be Chen Xiaobei.
If it was really as mo Luo Wutian had predicted, then Chen Xiaobei would be dead for sure.
“Don’t be nervous! Think of the good side!”
Mo Luo Wu Tian smiled with a deeper meaning, ” “I think Xuan bei is Xuan bei! After all, the one who killed Chen Xiaobei was a heavenly path Saint! Even I can’t take a saint’s attack, let alone Chen Xiaobei!”
“Hiss …”
Yun fanqing took a deep breath and tried to calm himself down. &Quot “The demonic ancestor is right … Chen Xiaobei can’t be alive! Xuan bei would definitely return! And I will definitely avenge Chen Xiaobei!”
“Let’s wait and see!” Mo Luo Wutian let out a long sigh and did not say anything else. He continued to close his eyes and rest.
……
At the end of the primordial era.
It was a crimson-yellow void, the end of the earth and the edge of the void.
This was the first time Chen Xiaobei had seen such a sight.
“Who are you? Stop right there! By the orders of The Fiend ancestor, anyone who approaches without permission will be killed without mercy!”
Before Chen Xiaobei could enjoy the view, two heavenly demonic G.o.ds had already noticed him and were approaching him at an extremely fast speed.
Without a doubt, mo Luo Wu Tian attached great importance to the candle Dragon’s corpse. He had gathered almost all of the ancestor Devil’s elite forces here to guard it.
If he could escape, mo Luo Wutian even wanted to come and guard the place himself.
“Whoosh …”
Chen Xiaobei showed the demonic cross seal and said, ” “The devil ancestor asked me to retrieve the candle Dragon’s corpse!”
“Greetings, emissary of The Fiend ancestor!”
The two heavenly demonic G.o.ds knelt on the ground, not daring to offend Chen Xiaobei.
“Get up!”
“Bring me to the witch’s body!” Chen Xiaobei said. Then, pa.s.s on my order, everyone is to retreat! You’re not allowed to peek at my secret technique!”
