Chapter 3796 - 3796 Chapter 3797-who is it
3796 Chapter 3797-who is it
That’s right!
The Lotus that had suddenly appeared in the red light was the demonic Fire Red Lotus imprint that was closely related to the heavenly Dao.
&Quot is that dead Qilin also a chess piece of the heavenly Dao? ”
&Quot what?! &Quot Chen Xiaobei was shocked. &Quot those who have the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark will explode with a shocking amount of power when they die! &Quot
&Quot however, the Kirin was trapped by the reincarnation Grand formation and died of old age. He didn’t have any real enemies. Therefore, his demonic Fire Red Lotus seal didn’t burst out its power and was preserved! &Quot
A demonic Fire Red Lotus mark that he had kept appeared in front of Chen Xiaobei.
This was definitely an important matter.
Perhaps, he could find some clues about the heavenly Dao.
Of course, Chen Xiaobei remained calm and did not act rashly. &Quot &Quot perhaps the illusory Kingdom in the Qilin s.p.a.ce was destroyed by the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei’s deduction made sense.
There was indeed a country in this s.p.a.ce.
Even if the Qilin was trapped to death, the environment here was very good. The people in the country could continue to reproduce. As long as the inheritance was pa.s.sed down from generation to generation, it was impossible for the Qilin to be completely exterminated!
Therefore, it was very likely that the demonic Fire Red Lotus seal was the reason why this country and this Palace were empty.
Not only did Chen Xiaobei not dare to get close, he even took a few steps back.
This was not a joke!
The demonic Fire Red Lotus imprint was something that belonged to the heavenly Dao. If there was really danger, even the heavenly Dao Saints would not be able to resist it.
“Bang!”
However, after Chen Xiaobei took a few steps back, the palace door suddenly closed.
If it was a normal door, it would not be able to block Chen Xiaobei’s way. In fact, no one in the heavenly realm could stop him.
However, at this moment, the door of this Palace was also made of a material like beautiful jade and gems. Not only did it exude a strong spiritual nature, but it also faintly emitted celestial core power!
&Quot could it be that … This … This Palace is also a magical treasure?! &Quot Chen Xiaobei panicked.
Upon closer inspection, he found that the entire Palace was indeed absorbing spiritual Qi from the outside world and then activating a rather strange sealing power.
&Quot seven … Another seven-star quasi-Sage! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei did not expect an ownerless Qilin s.p.a.ce to have an ownerless Treasure Palace!
“Perhaps the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark is the owner of this Palace!”
Chen Xiaobei quickly made his own judgment, ” “I’m in big trouble now. I’m trapped here, how can I get out? I won’t be trapped here until I die, right?”
It was obvious that Chen Xiaobei did not have the ability to break out of the seal.
Besides, Chen Xiaobei did not dare to touch the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark. He might just disappear from this place.
Of course, it was impossible to attack by force. Who knew if the demonic Fire Red Lotus seal would explode with a counter-attack that could destroy everything?
Although Chen Xiaobei had the humanity mark, he could take damage once every 24 hours.
However, it could only withstand the power of those below the heavenly path Sage level.
And the demonic Fire Red Lotus imprint might even explode with power that surpa.s.sed the heavenly path Sage’s.
Just thinking about it made Chen Xiaobei’s hair stand on end. He would not act rashly.
&Quot oh no… Am I really going to be trapped here until I die?! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei furrowed his brows. He had no other choice.
Luckily, the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark did not attack Chen Xiaobei.
“Think of a way … I have to think of a way quickly …”
Chen Xiaobei suppressed the panic and anxiety in his heart and tried to calm himself down.
If one’s mental state was strong enough, even if the sky collapsed, they could still remain calm. And a calm mind was often the key to breaking out of a situation!
“Oh right! I still have another key!”
Chen Xiaobei quickly thought of a way to break out of this situation. He summoned six-eared macaque.
Now, the value of transforming the six-eared macaque was once again revealed.
The six-eared macaque had the kun Peng’s memories. It might have some special insights about the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark.
&Quot bro bei … This … This is?! &Quot The six-eared macaque was shocked.
“You’re not mistaken! This is the demonic Fire Red Lotus imprint!”
&Quot I’m trapped here! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said. &Quot take a look and see if there’s any way to leave this place. &Quot
“This …”
Six-eared macaque was taken aback. &Quot “Although I have the memories of the kun Peng, I have never seen or heard of such a scene …”
“It’s over … If even you say that, I’m afraid we really won’t be able to get out!” Chen Xiaobei furrowed his brows in despair.
“Bro bei, don’t worry! Try to get the kun Peng out again!” “After all, I didn’t manage to duplicate the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark!” Six-eared macaque said. Perhaps when the two imprints are put together, some special changes will occur!”
The six-eared macaque’s discipline wasn’t high enough, so it couldn’t copy the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark.
Fortunately, six-eared macaque was smart enough, and his warning was very reasonable.
After all, the demonic Fire Red Lotus imprint came from the same source. Perhaps when the two imprints met, it would really trigger a special change.
“Alright!”
Chen Xiaobei nodded and released the kun Peng.
“What is this place? Cough, cough …”
The kun Peng’s body was impaled with the heaven-nailing cone nail. He was extremely weak and could not stop coughing and panting. It was as if he would faint at any moment.
“Whoosh …”
In the next moment, before kun Peng could react, a huge change occurred in the entire s.p.a.ce.
The demonic Fire Red Lotus in the air exploded with spiritual light, dyeing the entire s.p.a.ce blood-red.
At the same time, the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark on the kun Peng’s body started to s.h.i.+ne.
&Quot what … What’s going on??? ”
Seeing this, kun Peng was stunned. He even trembled and showed an incredulous expression.
Evidently, everything that was happening now had never happened before in kun Peng’s memory.
Even kun Peng didn’t know what had happened.
“Whoosh …”
As the two demonic Fire Red lotuses shone on each other, a special resonance was produced between them, and a light screen actually appeared in the middle!
On the light screen, a Sage-like old man with white hair and a white beard was reflected.
The old man sat cross-legged on a twelfth-grade nine-colored Holy Lotus. His robe shone with a round holy light as bright as the sun.
His eyes were closed as if he was in deep sleep, but also as if he was listening attentively to something.
&Quot who … Who is this person?! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei was shocked.
Perhaps Chen Xiaobei’s voice was too loud and woke the old man up.
He slowly lifted his eyelids and stared at Chen Xiaobei with his deep, universe-like eyes.
