Chapter 3762 - 3762 Chapter 3763-fourth level
3762 Chapter 3763-fourth level
The three Saint Venerables had the strength, the potential, and the bright future ahead of them. Naturally, they did not take Chen Xiaobei seriously.
On the other hand, dugu zang Xian was too beautiful and alluring. Just by sitting there, her little face was always cold, but it still dazzled the three Saint Venerables, and they couldn’t move their eyes away for a long time.
“Cough cough …”
The Jade Kylin Saint coughed and asked again, ” “My three junior brothers, what brings you here today?”
The three Saint Venerables came back to their senses and quickly looked away from dugu zang Xian.
“Second senior …”
As the favorite disciple of the demon master kun Peng, purple ROC Saint was the representative and said, ” “We’re all brothers, so I’ll be direct. What’s with the Lingyu mountain just now?”
“This …”
The Jade Kylin Saint thought for a while and said, ” “Junior brothers, please take a look. This young lady is a descendant of my Holy ice jade Qilin race, and I’ve just taken her in as my granddaughter! As for the mountain of Lingyu, it’s … It’s the betrothal gift that young master Xuan bei brought to propose marriage!”
This sentence was said in a very professional way. Between the lines, a huge amount of information was revealed.
First of all, dugu zang Xian had the majestic bloodline of a peak-stage Sage-to-be!
Secondly, dugu zang Xian was already the granddaughter of the Jade Kylin Saint, and her status was also extremely n.o.ble!
Lastly, and most importantly, Chen Xiaobei had only proposed to dugu zang Xian, but he had not married him yet!
In other words, he was hinting to the three Saint Venerables that if they were interested in dugu zang Xian, they could also propose marriage!
Of course, the betrothal gift for the marriage proposal would definitely not be lighter than the mountain of Lingyu!
The Jade Kylin Saint was indeed an old monster who had lived for billions of years. With just one sentence, he was able to set the whole situation in place, and he would definitely be able to obtain greater benefits!
To put it bluntly, even though Yu Lin Saint had a good impression of Chen Xiaobei, he still wanted to separate Chen Xiaobei and dugu zang Xian.
The reason for this was that Chen Xiaobei’s bloodline was too weak, and he was not talented enough! The main reason was that Saint venerable Yu Lin truly cared for dugu zang Xian and hoped that dugu zang Xian would find a better place to return to!
As expected, the three Saint Venerables immediately became excited after hearing that.
“Heh, what young master Xuan bei? you’re just a frog at the bottom of a well! He had the nerve to show off some inferior-grade spiritual Jade in front of second senior brother? What a joke!”
Saint venerable mo Luan was more impatient and stood up immediately, ” “I’m willing to offer a hundred times more as a betrothal gift! I hope that second senior brother will marry his granddaughter to my eldest grandson!”
Hearing this, Yu Lin Saint smiled but didn’t give a clear answer.
He was waiting.
“A hundred times? Sixth Junior Brother is too petty!”
Golden Phoenix stood up, raised his chin and said arrogantly, ” &Quot second brother’s granddaughter is even more distinguished than the princess of the heavenly court. How can a mere spiritual Jade be a betrothal gift? ”
“What do you mean, fifth senior?” Mo Luan asked unhappily.
Golden placid Saint smiled confidently and said, ” “I’m willing to offer the family’s most precious treasure, the Golden Luan heaven and earth mirror, as a betrothal gift. I hope that second senior brother will marry his granddaughter to my eldest grandson! From now on, the two clans will be allies and as close as one family!”
As soon as he said that, Yu Lin Saint master’s eyes lit up and his lips twitched. He almost agreed to it.
“Fifth senior! Are you crazy?”
Mo Luan exclaimed in shock and asked in confusion, ” “The Golden Phoenix heaven and earth mirror is a three-star quasi-Saint artifact! It’s the most powerful treasure of your clan! You’re just giving it away like this?”
Golden placid Saint smiled without saying anything.
On the other hand, purple ROC Saint venerable’s words exposed the heavenly secret, ” “Sixth senior! You have a big temper and are not calm enough when you encounter things! Think about it, if you marry second senior brother’s precious granddaughter, it’s equivalent to forming a life-and-death Alliance with second senior brother! The cultivation tribulation is coming, it’s a great help to have second brother’s help!”
“I see!”
Saint mo Luan seemed to have woken up from a dream and said, ” “I knew it! The fifth senior brother never did a losing business, so how could he bear to give up the clan treasure? It turns out that he has set his sights on second senior brother!”
Apparently, Golden Phoenix Saint had said that the two races should form an alliance and be as close as family.
The Golden Phoenix Clan was very powerful, but the strongest clan leader, Golden Phoenix Saint venerable, was only a five-star Mystic deity.
If he could form an alliance with the Jade Qilin Saint, the effect would be completely different.
First of all, the sacred ice jade Kylin clan only had Saint venerable Jade Kylin and dugu zang Xian. After the Alliance, they would definitely join the Golden Luan clan.
By then, the Golden Phoenix Clan would have a four star quasi-Sage, Yu Lin Saint, to lead them, and their strength would skyrocket.
&Quot if that’s the case, I’m also willing to offer a three-star quasi-Sage level family treasure! &Quot
Saint mo Luan figured out the key point, so she would not let go of such an opportunity. She said impatiently, ” &Quot furthermore, in addition to the clan’s most precious treasure, I’m also willing to offer additional superior-grade spiritual Jade, natural treasures, high-grade medicinal pills … &Quot
Obviously, the ink jet race was in a similar situation as the Golden ni race. Therefore, they were also eager to get the opportunity to form an alliance with the Jade Qilin Saint.
The three-star quasi-Sage level true treasure that they had just created was nothing compared to a living four-star quasi-Sage!
No matter how much they had to pay, this deal was definitely worth it.
However, at this moment.
However, purple ROC Saint venerable smiled and said in a tone that seemed to be in control, ” &Quot senior brothers, please take a break. This Qilin woman will definitely become my wife! &Quot
“You …”
Mo Luan and Jin Luan were stunned at the same time. Their eyes were filled with anger, but they did not say anything.
The two of them were naturally unhappy with how arrogant purple ROC Saint venerable was.
However, they all knew that the purple ROC Saint was deeply loved by the kun Peng demon master. His future achievements would definitely be above them, so they naturally did not dare to offend him.
Even the Jade Kylin Saint was excited. He stood up immediately and asked seriously, ” “Seventh Junior Brother, you weren’t joking, were you?”
“Of course I’m not joking! Moreover, the betrothal gift I offer is absolutely incomparable!”
Saint purple ROC smiled confidently,”the first gift is three quasi-Saint spiritual veins from the 32 levels of heaven realm, as well as a million heaven immortal slaves!” The second gift is three pre-Saint spiritual veins from the Western Paradise and a million Vajra guards!”
“The third gift is the kun Peng Holy Meridian pill given by master! Master has only refined two of these pills in the past trillion years, and he’s already given them to me! He had hoped that he could use the pill to give birth to the kun Peng bloodline! Now, I’m willing to take out one of them and share it with my wife!”
“The fourth gift is the sky glory Saint crystal armor on my father’s golden winged ROC! Peak stage Sage-to-be!”
