Chapter 3721 - 3721 Stop howling
3721 Stop howling
&Quot how did this happen?! &Quot
In an instant, the scene was in complete chaos.
Even jialuo and Yun fanqing were not able to react in time, and their bodies were stained with some poison.
The surrounding people were even more speechless. Without exception, all of them were hit. Some of them were even sprayed with venom all over their heads and faces.
“Uh ah … Uh ah …”
Soon, those who were contaminated by the poison began to let out hysterical screams!
Starting from the skin, large patches of flesh started to fester. Then, the flesh, bones, and even the bone marrow started to fester rapidly, turning into Black Pus and blood. It was stinky and terrifying.
More importantly, their primordial spirits were unable to leave their bodies!
This meant that if the physical body died, the primordial spirit would die with it. There would be no chance to escape.
Very quickly, seven or eight people who had been infected by the large amount of poison had already died.
The rest of the people also began to show signs of pain, as well as symptoms of their skin swelling and bubbling.
Fortunately, Jia Luo and Yun fanqing were surrounded by the crowd and were the least contaminated by the poison, so their skin was only red and swollen for the time being.
However, no matter how little it was, it was still a deadly poison!
Without the antidote, it was only a matter of time before jialuo and Yun fanqing died from the poison.
“This is bad …”
Jia Luo and Yun fanqing’s expressions changed drastically. They could not connect to the Three Realms immortal network here, and they could not even ask for help from mo Luo Wutian.
If he were to escape now, he would probably die from the poison halfway through.
This was really a dilemma.
&Quot help … Help … Who can save us … Who can save us … &Quot
The people around him, including Yuan she Sha, were all tormented by the pain. Waves of mournful wails echoed in the cave. It was countless times sadder than h.e.l.l.
They had been stained with more poison, so they would only die faster than Yun fanqing and Jia Luo. It was impossible for them to escape, so their only hope now was that someone could save them!
However, how could someone else enter such a highly secretive place?
All of a sudden, everyone was in complete despair.
“Stop howling!”
However, at this moment, a calm yet domineering voice came from not far away. It was as if it could control the entire situation. Every word was powerful and confident.
&Quot Xuan bei!? &Quot
Yun fanqing and jialuo called out the man’s name at the same time.
In an instant, everyone’s eyes immediately focused on him.
They saw Chen Xiaobei and blackpeak walking towards them, looking at them with pity.
“Xuan bei! Don’t come any closer!”
&Quot there’s poison all over the ground! &Quot Yun fanqing shouted hurriedly. &Quot you’ll be dead if you get even a little bit of it! &Quot
However …
Chen Xiaobei and blackpeak did not seem to have heard anything. With a confident look on their faces, they walked past the poison-covered ground without any hesitation.
“Are those two crazy? He knew that he would die, but he still came? Don’t you see the zombies on the ground?”
“Crazy! These two guys are crazy! You want to die with us!”
“Isn’t that the clan leader of the black demon Hunter Clan, hei Feng? That guy is usually as timid as a mouse. How could he take the initiative to die?”
“This …”
“Could it be that they have a way to detoxify the poison? Right! It must be like this! They’ve been contaminated by the poison, but they’re not affected at all!”
“My Savior! Our Savior is here!”
“Quickly save me! Save me first! Young master Xuan bei! Please save me first …”
“Save me first … Save me first …”
All of a sudden, the scene fell into great chaos, and everyone was eager to be rescued.
However …
Chen Xiaobei completely ignored them. He only had eyes for Yun fanqing and walked straight to her.
“Fan Qing, I’ll help you detoxify!”
Chen Xiaobei said gently. Then, he took out some herbs, ground them into powder, and placed them on the spot where Yun fanqing was stained with the poison.
“Eh!”
Yun fanqing’s beautiful eyes instantly widened, and his face was filled with shock. &Quot “It doesn’t hurt anymore! Your medicine is actually effective! This … This is too G.o.dly!”
Seeing this scene, the surrounding people were even more shocked. Their cries for help were thousands of times louder than before! Some of them were screaming for help, and some of them were even kneeling on the ground and kowtowing to Chen Xiaobei!
“Come here.”
However, Chen Xiaobei ignored them and turned to look at Jia Luo.
Speaking of which, Jia Luo didn’t ask for help like everyone else. Perhaps she still had a bit of pride in her bones.
“Give me your hand!”
Chen Xiaobei pulled over Jia Lou’s poisonous right hand and carefully applied the medicine on it, making sure that no poison was left on her.
“You …”
Jia Luo’s expression froze for a moment, and his emotions suddenly fluctuated greatly.
As an ancient demonic G.o.d, she had been so focused on cultivation in her previous life that she had never had any contact with the opposite s.e.x. Now that Chen Xiaobei was holding her hand and applying the medicine so carefully, she was not used to it. She had a lot of mixed feelings.
“Don’t think of the wrong things!”
Chen Xiaobei was smart enough to see through Jia Lou’s unusual behavior. &Quot &Quot if you die, fan Qing will not live either. Otherwise, I might not be willing to save you! &Quot
“I …”
Jia Luo was stunned and speechless.
On the other hand, Yun fanqing’s heart beat faster.
This made her feel very surprised, and even a little ashamed! The one I like is Chen Xiaobei! How could her heart beat faster for someone else?
No!
This was absolutely not allowed!
Yun fanqing forced himself to calm down. All he could think about was Chen Xiaobei.
Soon, Jia Lou’s poison was removed and he completely recovered.
“Plop!”
Yuan she Sha had been waiting for a long time, and without a word, he knelt down and pleaded, ” “Young master Xuan bei! I beg you to save me! We’ve been companions since the beginning of our journey!”
A few other young demons also crawled over and surrounded Chen Xiaobei.
They kept saying that Chen Xiaobei was their companion.
However, they had always felt that Chen Xiaobei was a burden to them and hoped that he would not come.
The result before their eyes was a slap to their faces, and it made them very vexed.
Luckily, Chen Xiaobei did not hear their complaints. That was why they could beg for Chen Xiaobei’s help.
“It’s not impossible for me to save you, but from now on, you must listen to my command for every step you take!”
Of course, Chen Xiaobei would not be a good person. He had to state his conditions.
“No problem … We’ll listen to you … We’ll do anything you want …”
Everyone was already at the point of life and death. There was no room for negotiation. They all agreed to Chen Xiaobei’s request.
“Take it!”
With a wave of his hand, Chen Xiaobei threw the antidote to the crowd and let them detoxify themselves.
“Xuan bei …”
Yun fanqing could not help but ask, ” “How do you have the antidote to this poison?”
