Chapter 3727 - 3727 Chapter 3728-fight again
3727 Chapter 3728-fight again
The blood-red swastika was very well hidden. It was in Chen Xiaobei’s palm and no one else could see it!
However, it was this tiny mark that had activated Chen Xiaobei’s Dharmakaya’s special ability. On top of that, it had brought about a huge improvement to his special ability.
The Dharmakaya power that Chen Xiaobei was using right now was the power of dragon and phoenix!
Its effect was to add more power to the existing foundation and forcibly increase combat power.
In addition to the support of the blood essence, the effect of the enhancement was multiplied!
“Swis.h.!.+”
Chen Xiaobei waved his hand!
His speed immediately increased, and he actually managed to catch the green-eyed pangolin King’s long tongue in an instant!
At the same time, his strength had also increased greatly. No matter how the green-eyed pangolin King struggled, it could not pull its tongue out of Chen Xiaobei’s palm!
“Wu … Wululu …”
The more it struggled, the more intense the pain became. It could even feel that if Chen Xiaobei wanted to, he could easily tear off its entire tongue!
&Quot how … How is this possible?! &Quot
Seeing this scene, the few people in the distance were instantly dumbfounded.
“Isn’t that guy a seven-star celestial immortal? How … How could there be one-star celestial deity’s power? This … This can’t be a dream, right?”
Yuanshe’s eyes were wide open. Seeing Chen Xiaobei’s power, his scalp went numb and his heart raced. It was as if he had seen a ghost.
“No! It’s not just one-star divine realm power!”
Jia Luo’s face also revealed extreme shock, his small mouth opened and closed, and he actually stuttered,”Xuan bei’s strength has already reached the middle stage of the one-star celestial deity realm! It’s one minor realm higher than the green-eyed pangolin King!”
Obviously, the night G.o.d dark spirit set had a self-concealment effect, and no one under heavenly G.o.d could detect the existence of this set of divine artifacts.
So, jialuo and yuanshe thought that was Chen Xiaobei’s true strength. They were so frightened that they could not believe their eyes.
Of course, in addition to shock and horror, jialuo and yuanshe Sha were both slapped in the face by the result.
They claimed that following Chen Xiaobei here would be suicide, but Chen Xiaobei was not afraid of the green-eyed pangolin King at all. He could kill it easily!
“Swis.h.!.+”
As expected, Chen Xiaobei used his strength and broke the green-eyed pangolin King’s tongue!
Then, Chen Xiaobei took a step forward. His speed was faster than the green-eyed pangolin King’s. In the blink of an eye, Chen Xiaobei was right in front of the green-eyed pangolin King. The pangolin King did not even have time to react.
“BOOM!”
Chen Xiaobei raised his right arm high up in the air, and with his palm facing down, he slammed it down on the green-eyed pangolin King’s Head.
Heavenly G.o.d annihilation! All life was cut off!
“BOOM!”
Chen Xiaobei’s palm exploded with the power of a star that could crush everything in its path!
“Pfft … Pfft … Pfft …”
In an instant, the green-eyed pangolin King’s Head was crushed by Chen Xiaobei’s palm.
Its two large eyeb.a.l.l.s exploded, spewing out dark green venom. Then, blood, brain matter, broken bones, and rotten flesh all burst out from its eye sockets and mouth.
It caused a large area of the surrounding area to become a shocking blood and flesh mudflat.
Of course, Chen Xiaobei was already prepared. Before the venom was shot out, he retreated to a safe area at an even faster speed. He did not have to worry about the venom getting on his body.
“Swis.h.!.+”
In the next moment, the green-eyed pangolin King’s magical body and primordial spirit left its body, trying to escape from the scene.
But there was no doubt that Chen Xiaobei would not let it go!
“Swis.h.!.+”
Chen Xiaobei’s speed was faster than the green-eyed pangolin King’s physical speed, and he could easily suppress the green-eyed pangolin’s Dharmakaya speed.
However, Chen Xiaobei did not attack immediately.
Instead, he waited until he was out of everyone’s sight before he destroyed the green-eyed pangolin King’s body and used the chaos Blood Sword to devour its primordial spirit.
After all, the chaos Blood Sword was Chen Xiaobei’s signature sword, and he could not let anyone see it.
Otherwise, his ident.i.ty would be exposed in an instant.
&Quot it’s a pity that the green-eyed pangolin king’s blood … Contains too much poison. Otherwise, I could have collected it and kept it for body tempering … &Quot
Chen Xiaobei kept the chaos Blood Sword and returned to the group.
“Brother! You’re so, so, so awesome!”
Blackpeak was the first to cheer. He was dancing with joy, as if Chen Xiaobei was awesome, and he was as awesome as Chen Xiaobei.
As soon as these words came out, jialuo and yuanshe’s faces were very embarra.s.sed and ashamed.
They kept saying that Chen Xiaobei was weak!
So, what were they compared to Chen Xiaobei?
“Xuan bei! You’re really too strong! If you have such strength, why did you hide it?” Yun fanqing walked over and stared at Chen Xiaobei. She felt like she could not see through this Holy demon.
“I didn’t hide it on purpose …”
&Quot I did not feel well at first! &Quot Chen Xiaobei explained. &Quot Because my primordial spirit is heavily injured, I can’t fight at all! However, your magical treasure’s special ability protected my primordial spirit. That’s why I can fight with all my might!”
“Jiu fan immortal Qi?”
Yun fanqing’s expression darkened slightly, and he said, ” “As far as I know, Jiu fan immortal Qi can’t always exist. It will be consumed! After your battle just now, you probably don’t have much Jiu fan immortal Qi left, right?”
“You’re right!”
&Quot yes! &Quot Chen Xiaobei nodded. &Quot I can feel that the amount of Jiu fan immortal Qi around my primordial spirit has decreased by half. That means I can only fight one more battle before I fall into the state of weakness again … &Quot
“Mm …”
Yun fanqing frowned. &Quot it’s a pity that it takes a long time for the Jiu fan Golden Bell to produce some Jiu fan immortal Qi. I don’t know when the next time will be … &Quot
&Quot it’s alright. We’ll take it one step at a time. There’ll be a way! &Quot Chen Xiaobei did not really care about the amount of Jiu fan’s immortal Qi.
If it really didn’t work, he could still use the returning bracelet to retreat.
Of course, before they retreated, they had to give it their all!
He still had to have dreams. What if they came true?
“Let’s go! Let’s continue forward!”
Chen Xiaobei took a step forward and said, ” “Blackpeak! Keep up! Inform me immediately if there are any changes!”
“Alright!” Blackpeak immediately gave chase, following closely behind.
After the battle just now, blackpeak’s blood was boiling. Following Chen Xiaobei was the best! Satisfying! Even if he had to risk his life, at least he had to do it in a good way! Even if he died, at least it would be exciting!
Yun fanqing, jialuo, and yuanshe did not question Chen Xiaobei anymore and followed him.
In terms of strength, none of them had the right to question Chen Xiaobei!
On the other hand, if they followed Chen Xiaobei, they might be able to get the treasure in the deepest part of the ruins. That would be a great achievement!
