Chapter 3749 - 3749 Chapter 3750-counter attack
3749 Chapter 3750-counter attack
! demonic imprint!
Chen Xiaobei finally understood why mo Luo Wutian still believed that he could escape even when the situation had developed to this point!
It turned out that mo Luo Wutian still had his strongest trump card!
Of course, as mo Luo Wu Tian’s primordial spirit was struck by the heaven severing thought, he was unable to communicate with the demonic seal.
In other words, the demonic mark was temporarily ownerless.
Since he could not use it himself, he could only rely on Chen Xiaobei’s power.
This was supposed to be the most important secret of mo Luo Wutian, but he had to tell Chen Xiaobei the truth in order to survive.
To Chen Xiaobei, this was a huge surprise.
Originally, he had wanted to use the 27 devil Saints to kill Molo Wutian. However, he had not expected that he would obtain an extremely important piece of information by accident!
The demonic mark was temporarily without an owner!
“Whoosh …”
Without hesitation, Chen Xiaobei raised his hand and pressed it on the dantian of Molo Wutian. He activated his celestial core and communicated with the demonic seal.
Immediately after, the demonic imprint emerged from mo Luo Wutian’s body.
This mark was also nine stars in a row.
However, the difference was that the ninth star in the core of the humanity imprint was the green Lotus seed of chaos!
The ninth star of the demonic Dao seal was an avatar of the Black Lotus of destructions!
That’s right!
Surrounded by the eight core nomological imprints of the devil realm, there was a grade-twelve Black Lotus of destruction!
It was not a Dharma! It wasn’t an illusion!
It was an avatar created by the Black Lotus of destructions!
Although its power was far inferior to the Black Lotus of destructions, it was still an extremely terrifying existence!
&Quot the special ability of the human path imprint is to defend and absorb the enemy’s power. Then, what is the special ability of the demonic path imprint? ”
Chen Xiaobei’s heart was filled with curiosity but he did not have time to think about it.
The attack of the 27 devil Saints had all been unleashed, and they were about to land on Chen Xiaobei’s head.
“Swis.h.!.+”
Without hesitation, Chen Xiaobei raised the demonic seal high into the air.
Whether he lived or died, it all depended on this trump card.
“Boom boom boom … Boom boom boom …”
Twenty-seven streams of Sage-to-be power were aimed at Chen Xiaobei.
Under normal circ.u.mstances, any of these attacks would have been able to kill Chen Xiaobei.
However, the situation was completely different now.
“Whoosh …”
The special ability of the demonic mark was activated.
With the Black Lotus of destruction at the center, the nine stars suddenly revolved and formed a demonic formation in the void!
In an instant, the dark demonic Qi that was as vast as the universe rolled and boiled, like a mighty torrent, covering the area within a thirty-meter radius of Chen Xiaobei.
&Quot boom boom boom … Boom boom boom … &Quot
The attacks of the 27 devil Saints were all absorbed by the dark demonic Qi. Chen Xiaobei was not hurt at all.
“What is that thing? How could he possibly block the combined attack of the twenty-seven of us?”
The twenty-seven devil Saints looked at the scene in disbelief.
To them, such a situation was simply unheard of and had never been seen before. It could not be measured with common sense at all.
Of course, this was mainly because mo Luo Wutian had always kept it a secret. The 27 devil Saints had no idea about the existence of the demonic marks.
Therefore, they didn’t know that the demonic mark also had a terrifying offensive ability in addition to its super defensive power.
“Whoosh …”
While everyone was still in shock, the surging dark demonic Qi suddenly condensed into one point, as if the chaos had just been created and everything had become one!
“Woof!”
Then, at an extremely fast speed, the chaos took root, sprouted, grew, bloomed, scattered leaves, and bloomed. Finally, a grade twelve Black Lotus with monstrous demonic Qi bloomed!
&Quot o-o-o-o-o-Black Lotus of destructions!!! &Quot
The hearts of the 27 devil Saints were all struck by a terrifying blow. Their eyes were as wide as a bull’s, but their pupils were as small as a needle tip.
One had to know that the Black Lotus of destructions was a sacred object! It was the core foundation of the demon world! It was the highest totem belief of all demons!
Even someone as strong as mo Luo Wutian was unable to control the Black Lotus of destructions!
The grade-twelve Black Lotus of destructions that had appeared in front of him was not an illusion, not a spiritual body, and not a Dharma! Just like Chen Xiaobei’s Dharmakaya, it had been given the unique characteristics of a true divine. It looked like a real body!
Therefore, although it was only a clone, the 27 devil Saints could not tell that it was a clone. They thought that it was the Black Lotus of destructions that was being respected.
Because of this, they were all dumbfounded. Their pupils were locked, and they even broke out in cold sweat, their hair standing on end.
“Boom boom boom … Boom boom boom …”
While the 27 devil Saints were still in shock, the grade-twelve Black Lotus of destruction clone had already launched a counterattack.
This was also different from human path imprints.
After the mark of humanity absorbed the enemy’s attack power, it would be converted into energy and injected into the green Lotus seed of chaos to help it grow.
However, after the demonic mark absorbed the enemy’s attack power, it would not retain a single bit of it. Instead, it would transform all of it into a power that was 30% stronger, and directly counterattack!
“BOOM! BOOM! Boom …”
In an instant, the Black Lotus of destructions ‘clone released 27 streams of dark demonic Qi that were at the quasi-Saint level. They were all aimed at the 27 devil Saints.
The power of each wisp of dark demonic Qi came from the twenty-seven devil Saints.
At this moment, under the special ability of the demonic mark, the power of each ray was strengthened by 30%!
“Pfft … Argh … Argh …”
In the next moment, the crowd burst out in screams!
Without a doubt, the 27 devil Saints did not expect the Black Lotus of destructions to be able to counterattack. Furthermore, it was using 30% more power than their own.
In this split second, they had no time to defend.
Furthermore, even if they defended, they would definitely not be able to defend against it!
In the blink of an eye, the 27 devil Saints were sent flying a few hundred meters away. Each of them was severely injured and fell to the ground, spitting out blood. They couldn’t even get up.
More importantly, the force they used to fly backward was extremely terrifying. It caused countless cracks to appear in the surrounding spatial walls.
“Chen Xiaobei … Take me away! Hurry up!”
&Quot no! &Quot mo Luo Wutian wailed loudly. The expression on his face was extremely urgent, and he did not even care about eliminating the roots.
“You want me to take you away? First, hand over the Meru s.p.a.ce where you hid your treasures!”
Chen Xiaobei had already checked that there was no storage bracelet or infinite s.p.a.ce ring on mo Luo Wutian.
It could be seen that all of mo Luo Wutian’s treasures were hidden in a Meru s.p.a.ce.
