Chapter 3739 - 3739 Chapter 3740-game
3739 Chapter 3740-game
Don’t bow?
Everyone was shocked by his words! Without exception, all of them looked at Chen Xiaobei in disbelief! It was as if he was looking at a lunatic! Some people even wondered if they had heard wrong.
One had to know that this was the devil realm!
Although their cultivation levels were different, mo Luo Wutian’s status was equivalent to the Dao ancestor of the heaven realm!
In the heaven realm, even the heavenly path sages had to bow to the Dao ancestor, Hongjun!
In the devil World, no one had ever dared to not wors.h.i.+p mo Luo Wutian!
Yun fanqing and jialuo were completely fl.u.s.tered.
Especially Yun fanqing, who had reminded Chen Xiaobei not to offend mo Luo Wutian before he came in! That was a capital crime!
Moreover, there were so many people watching. To slap mo Luo Wutian’s face in public was simply courting death! There was absolutely no chance of survival!
Whoosh … Whoosh … Whoosh …
At the same time, the 27 demonic ancestor pre-Saints were all furious. Their eyes were fixed on Chen Xiaobei.
The terrifying fiend Dharma images became bigger and more real! It was as if they were going to charge at Chen Xiaobei and make him pay the most painful price for not bowing to him!
After all, at this moment, the highest belief in the devil World was still mo Luo Wu Tian!
Chen Xiaobei had offended mo Luo Wutian, which was not only disrespecting the entire demonic realm, but also slapping the faces of the 27 demonic pre-Saints.
He couldn’t even defend the dignity of his faith. If word got out, they would be laughed at and scolded.
Because of this, the 27 demonic pre-Saints were all furious and hostile towards Chen Xiaobei.
However, they didn’t move. They didn’t even speak!
They were waiting for mo Luo Wutian’s att.i.tude!
In the devil World, mo Luo Wu Tian was the Supreme Master, the manifestation of absolute will and truth! If he didn’t open his mouth, the other quasi-sages wouldn’t dare to open their mouths!
“You’re not paying your respects?”
Mo Luo Wu Tian was still resting with his eyes closed. He was not angry at Chen Xiaobei. He looked like he was in control of the whole situation.
“No, I won’t.”
Chen Xiaobei repeated.
He wanted everyone to hear it clearly and make sure that they did not hear it wrong.
“Can you give me a reason?”
Said mo Luo Wu Tian indifferently.
“When I came, Jia Luo said that you would give me an incomparably generous reward and let me enjoy Supreme glory! However, you didn’t do as she said!”
Chen Xiaobei’s tone was calm, neither servile nor overbearing.
&Quot being my personal disciple, this reward and glory is enough to make the entire demon world envious. What are you dissatisfied with? ” Asked mo Luo Wu Tian.
&Quot I’m used to living a carefree life. I don’t want to have anyone as my master. I don’t want to be restrained by anyone. I just want a real reward! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said.
Crazy!
He must be a lunatic! And he was very, very sick!
All of a sudden, the 27 demonic pre-Saints looked at Chen Xiaobei as if he was an idiot.
In the devil World, there were countless geniuses who dreamed of becoming mo Luo Wutian’s disciple. Even if they were not his direct disciples, even if they were just outer disciples in name, it would still be a Supreme glory that would bring honor to their ancestors!
It was really a dream, but he couldn’t ask for it.
However, Chen Xiaobei had already gotten the opportunity, but he rejected it.
This was equivalent to giving up a great opportunity to rise to the heavens in a single step!
If he wasn’t a lunatic, would he have done this?
“Do you know that rejecting me is a capital crime?!”
Mo Luo Wutian’s tone finally turned cold. He could no longer be as calm as before.
Chen Xiaobei’s refusal to bow and salute was a slap to mo Luo Wutian’s face!
However, when mo Luo Wutian wanted to take Chen Xiaobei as his direct disciple, he was rejected as if Chen Xiaobei did not care for him at all. This was a big slap to his face!
If this matter were to spread out, it would definitely be a great humiliation to mo Luo Wutian.
It could even be the greatest humiliation of his life, and a stain that would never be erased in his Supreme and glorious image.
Because of this, it was hard for him to treat Chen Xiaobei peacefully. He even wanted to kill Chen Xiaobei!
He had to ruthlessly kill this fellow who had disrespected him!
It was like killing a chicken to warn a monkey. He wanted the entire Devil World to know the consequences of disrespecting mo Luo Wutian. No one would dare to be disrespectful!
“I know it’s a capital crime! But you won’t kill me!”
&Quot I got my hands on Chiyou’s body! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said. &Quot I’m the hero of the entire demonic world! If you kill me now! It was to kill meritorious officials! Other people risked their lives to make contributions, but you killed them when you were unhappy! Let me ask you, who would still be willing to risk their lives for you?”
“Moreover, the front line is fighting with the Wu tribe. If I get Chiyou’s body, it means that the Wu tribe has no chance of winning! Our demon race’s soldiers will definitely be grateful for my contribution! If you kill me, the hearts of hundreds of millions of soldiers will turn cold, and the morale of the Army will be in chaos. How can we continue to fight?”
Chen Xiaobei did not waste a single bit of the seven days of travel.
Along the way, Chen Xiaobei had already calculated everything.
For example, what would mo Luo Wutian say? How should he express his stance? How to answer? How to counter-attack?
Chen Xiaobei had memorized every single detail by heart!
Just like what he was saying right now, every word was reasonable and pointed out the key point of the current situation, making it impossible for mo Luo Wutian to refute.
The People’s hearts were like water, it could carry a boat, but it could also capsize it!
Even someone as strong as mo Luo Wutian could not lose the hearts of the people in the demon world. Once the belief of the demon race’s people crumbled, the demonic mark and the Black Lotus of destructions would be affected. Mo Luo Wutian’s heaven-defying and Dao-defying ambitions would be ruined at the last step and completely destroyed!
Chen Xiaobei had already seen through this, so he was not afraid of mo Luo Wutian at all.
“Very good! You’re the first person that I want to kill but can’t!”
Mo Luo Wu Tian was still resting with his eyes closed. His tone was cold and filled with anger. However, it was clear that he could only give in on this matter. He could not willfully kill Chen Xiaobei.
“Calm down! Although I’m not willing to be your disciple …”
Chen Xiaobei then said in a provocative tone, ” &Quot but I can still make an even greater contribution for you! &Quot
“A greater contribution?”
Upon hearing this, mo Luo Wutian’s tone became much gentler. He was even very polite, ” “If this is true, I’m all ears!”
Those who achieve great things don’t bother about trifles!
A super ambitious and ruthless man like mo Luo Wutian would always put benefits first!
Even if Chen Xiaobei had offended him time and time again, as long as it could bring him some benefits, mo Luo Wutian was willing to calm down and discuss things with Chen Xiaobei.
“I’ll help you get the body of the wizard ancestor, candle Dragon!” Chen Xiaobei said calmly.
However, these words were like deafening Thunder to mo Luo Wutian!
&Quot what did you just say?! &Quot
Mo Luo Wutian suddenly opened his eyes, and his entire aura changed!
