Chapter 3787 - 3787 The heavenly Dao
3787 The heavenly Dao
“I know!”
Six-eared macaque nodded and said, ” “The prime of Tongtian is imprisoned in the 36th level of the overarching heaven of the heaven realm! That’s where the Dao ancestor is!”
“Is there any way to save my master?” Chen Xiaobei asked impatiently.
“Not yet …”
&Quot it’s the will of the heavenly Dao to imprison him, ” six-eared macaque said. &Quot not even the Dao ancestors have the right to release him! &Quot
“As expected … It’s not that easy to save master!”
Chen Xiaobei thought for a while and asked, ” “If I use the kun Peng to exchange for my master, will the heavenly Dao agree?”
&Quot he might agree … After all, the heavenly axiom had already decided to give up on the prime of Tongtian! &Quot
Six-eared macaque changed the topic and said,”but it’s very risky!” If the heavenly Dao reneges or does something, we can’t do anything to him! If that happens, we might not be able to save the prime of Tongtian. Instead, you might get yourself killed!”
“I understand … I just want to know the position of the kun Peng in the heart of the heavenly Dao!” “As long as I have the kun Peng as a bargaining chip, Sifu should be safe for now!” Chen Xiaobei said.
“That’s right!”
&Quot yes! &Quot six-eared macaque nodded and said, ” according to kun Peng’s memories, the heavenly Dao is a very special existence! &Quot If he wants to maintain his strongest power, he must have seven heavenly path sages!”
“In other words, if the heavenly axiom wants to kill the prime of Tongtian, it must first find a subst.i.tute! However, this is not easy!”
“At present, Houtu is the only one who has the infinite virtue in all the worlds! Beheading three corpses was not something that could be done casually! Therefore, it’s very difficult for the heavenly Dao to find a new replacement!”
&Quot and if he can’t find a replacement, he won’t hurt the prime of Tongtian so easily. So, you can rest a.s.sured for now, bro bei! &Quot
This was the value of having the six-eared macaque transform!
This important information would never come out of kun Peng’s mouth. Only by transforming would Chen Xiaobei know everything.
“Tell me more about the heavenly Dao! Tell me everything kun Peng knows!” Chen Xiaobei said.
“Alright!”
The six-eared macaque went through its memories and said, ” &Quot first of all, the heavenly Dao is a special existence. We can’t be sure of its race, but it must be alive! &Quot
&Quot secondly, the heavenly Dao is not omnipotent. It has its own concerns and even its own enemies! &Quot
“Third, the power and life of the heavenly Dao are closely related to the seven heavenly Dao sages! As the saying went, the death of the heavenly Dao meant the death of the Saints! This saying can be reversed. When a Sage dies, the heavenly Dao no longer exists!”
“Fourth, the ancestral Saint Pangu of the Wu tribe was once the enemy of the heavenly Dao! Pangu’s creation of the world was actually a war against the heavenly Dao! The good fortune Jade Disk of the great Dao of nature was broken by Pan Gu!”
“Fifth, the way of heaven wants to find the bodies of the twelve and fifteen ancestors of sorcery, find the Hong Meng immortal Qi, find the entrance to the devil World, and find the Holy tree, the creation wood! It seems that finding these things can make him even stronger!”
“Sixth, only Dao ancestors can see the heavenly Dao!”
“Seventh, anyone who has the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark on them is a chess piece of the heavenly Dao! Bro bei, you have to be careful!”
Six-eared macaque composed himself and said, ” “These are all the things that kun Peng knows about the heavenly Dao!”
It was obvious that the kun Peng knew a lot about the heavenly path. Other than the Dao ancestors, no other heavenly path sages would know about this.
For example, lady Nuwa had tried so hard to get Chen Xiaobei to find little Daji the third, Yan Lings.h.i.+, just to investigate the heavenly Dao.
However, there were no clues.
Compared to that, Chen Xiaobei was able to obtain so much information so easily!
The six-eared macaque’s transformation was definitely worth it!
“According to your estimation, how long will it take for the heavenly Dao to know that I’ve captured kun Peng?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“If I’m not wrong, I should have known by now!”
&Nbsp ” that’s right! &Quot six-eared macaque said. &Quot with all the commotion in the Holy puppet city, the Dao ancestor will definitely ask about it. Plus, bro bei, you’re using your true self to show people. So, by now, the heavenly Dao must already know that you’re the one who captured kun Peng! &Quot
“No wonder mother Nuwa didn’t reply. It seems she must have been called to a meeting!”
&Quot it’s a pity that I’m protected by the mark of humanity. Even the six heavenly path Saints can’t find me! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said.
“So, bro bei, you actually wanted them to know? Am I right?” Six-eared macaque was smart enough to guess Chen Xiaobei’s intention.
“That’s right!”
&Quot yes! &Quot Chen Xiaobei nodded and said, ” I did it on purpose to let them know that I took kun Peng away! Only then will I have the chance to negotiate with the heavenly Dao! I can even make the heavenly Dao take the initiative to talk to me! Only then will we have a chance to save master!”
Obviously, Chen Xiaobei’s original intention was to protect the prime of Tongtian!
From today onwards, for a long time to come, Chen Xiaobei’s goal would be to save the prime of Tongtian!
As long as he could achieve his goal, Chen Xiaobei did not mind sending kun Peng back to the heavenly axiom.
“Bro bei! There’s another major problem!”
“If the heavenly Dao finds out that you’re still alive, I’m afraid they’ll arrest everyone related to you!” Six-eared macaque said. After all, the heavenly Dao can divine their existence!”
“Yeah! I almost forgot about this! Let’s come out and talk!”
Chen Xiaobei left the Meru s.p.a.ce with six-eared macaque.
After that, Chen Xiaobei started to send messages to his friends who had already ascended.
Nezha was a disciple of the clan of enlightenment, and Li Jing was there to deal with him. He would not be in any danger. Li Jing could just say that he had sent Nezha to Chen Xiaobei as a spy.
Red Boy was a disciple of the demonic sect. Furthermore, he had a friends.h.i.+p with Guan Yin Bodhisattva, so he was not in great danger.
Liu xuanxin and Yan Lings.h.i.+ had gone to the Hong Meng Demon Realm. Moreover, Yan Lings.h.i.+ had turned into a demon from Hong Meng immortal Qi, so the heavenly Dao could not figure her out. Therefore, the two of them were safe.
Taiyi, Emperor Jiang, and the candle Dragon were all in the Meru s.p.a.ce, so they were naturally very safe.
After that, Chen Xiaobei used the verdant Emperor’s divine gourd as a means of transportation to bring Jiang Ziya and Tian Peng to his side.
Besides, even though Shen Gongbao had been fed with dog food and was loyal to Chen Xiaobei, no one knew about this on the surface. So, Shen Gongbao could continue to be a spy in chanism and help Chen Xiaobei steal the ‘list of ancient Immortals’!
There were also two more hidden p.a.w.ns, s.h.i.+eld mountain’s patriarch and the demon fighter. No one knew about their relations.h.i.+p with Chen Xiaobei. He would just let them do as they pleased. Who knew, they might one day bring Chen Xiaobei a surprise!
In the end, only one of Chen Xiaobei’s friends was still outside-Luo Yi!
“Old Jiang! Did you contact Luo Yi after that?”
&Quot I’ve tried to contact him a few times, but he never replied! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said, a little worried.
