Chapter 3740 - 3740 Chapter 3741-happiness
3740 Chapter 3741-happiness
Mo Luo Wu Tian opened his eyes!
It was a pair of strange double-pupiled eyes with a cross-shaped demonic seal! It exuded a terrifying pressure that was like the aura of death from h.e.l.l!
Even ordinary quasi-sages would not dare to look him in the eye!
If an ordinary person were to be seen by those eyes, they would even feel as if countless sharp claws of demons would emerge from within, pulling everything within their sight into the most terrifying abyss of purgatory, never to be able to escape!
Even Chen Xiaobei, who had a strong mental state, could not help but tremble violently. He had to use all his strength to resist the pressure. If he was not careful, his mental state would collapse and he would be completely stunned by mo Luo Wutian’s gaze!
Before he came, Chen Xiaobei had already expected that the aura of mo Luo Wu Tian would be very powerful. However, Chen Xiaobei did not expect it to be this strong.
Chen Xiaobei was really worried that he might not be able to handle it.
Of course, things always worked both ways!
If he could not, Chen Xiaobei would be intimidated by mo Luo Wutian and fall into a disadvantageous position. He might even be controlled by mo Luo Wutian!
However, if he could withstand it, Chen Xiaobei’s mental state would grow by a large margin. He could not say that his mental state was stronger than that of Molo Wutian, but at least it would not be so difficult for him to face him again!
I must hold on! Otherwise, all their previous efforts would be in vain!
Chen Xiaobei’s heart was screaming in agony.
Chen Xiaobei felt like he was about to give up.
But!
Chen Xiaobei was reminded of his master, the prime of Tongtian! He thought of his parents! He thought of his brothers, friends, and disciples! He thought of his female confidante! He even thought of his unborn child!
For their sake! Chen Xiaobei could not give up!
He had to hold on!
I must hold on!
All of a sudden, without any warning, Chen Xiaobei let out a roar in his heart. An invisible force seemed to burst out of Chen Xiaobei’s mind and offset about 30% of mo Luo Wutian’s pressure.
In the midst of his struggle, Chen Xiaobei had made his final decision. No matter how uncomfortable it was, he had to hold on until the end.
Once this decision was made, Chen Xiaobei’s state of mind would change!
And this change was called growth!
Chen Xiaobei’s state of mind had been greatly strengthened. Although it was still not comparable to that of mo Luo Wutian, it was already very, very difficult for him to withstand 30% of mo Luo Wutian’s pressure.
This way, Chen Xiaobei did not have to worry about his mental state collapsing. Although it was still a little strenuous, he could now face mo Luo Wutian normally.
“I’m sure! I can get back the candle Dragon’s body!”
Chen Xiaobei said with confidence, ” “If you don’t believe me, you can let me try! If you can do it, you’ll reward me! If you can’t do it, I’ll be at your disposal!”
“Good! Very good! We’ll do as you say!”
Mo Luo Wutian’s eyes focused and he said seriously, ” “If you can really get back the candle Dragon’s body! I can satisfy all your requests! I can address you as my brother and you will be exempted from the courtesy! I can even make you the sub-ancestor of the devil World, second only to one person and above all living beings!”
As soon as he said that, everyone was shocked!
He had never expected that mo Luo Wu Tian would be willing to make such an unprecedented promise for the candle Dragon’s body!
Brothers! The devil world’s second ancestor!
This sentence alone was enough to put Chen Xiaobei above the 27 demonic sages-to-be!
What kind of status and honor was this! What kind of glory and authority!
If they didn’t hear it with their own ears, no one would believe it even if they were beaten to death!
Of course, all of this had been predicted!
From the moment when mo Luo Wu Tian opened his eyes, anyone with a discerning eye could tell that he valued the candle Dragon’s corpse more than anything else!
Whether it was Chiyou’s body, taking Chen Xiaobei as his disciple, or even the chaos at the front line, he did not care. He did not even open his eyes because everything was still under his control.
However, when Chen Xiaobei mentioned the candle Dragon’s corpse, mo Luo Wutian could no longer remain calm.
That was because it was no exaggeration to say that the candle Dragon’s corpse was the biggest weakness of mo Luo Wu Tian! It was the support of all his ambitions! It was the core foundation of all his plans!
Chen Xiaobei knew this very well.
If mo Luo Wu Tian wanted to go against the heaven and the Dao, the first difficulty would be to prove his way and become a saint!
As long as he did not attain the Saint realm, he would be trampled under the feet of the seven great heavenly path Saints! They could only hide in the dark corners like rats and live on with the demonic Dao’s seal!
The prime of Tongtian had given Chen Xiaobei two ways to prove his Dao.
The first was to gather the imprints of the ancient primordial spirits of the Three Realms and use the bell of chaos to prove his Dao!
The second was to gather the bodies of the twelve ancestors of sorcery and form the real body of Pangu, then use the bell of chaos to prove his Dao!
If Chen Xiaobei could not even take the first path, it was even more impossible for mo Luo Wutian to do so.
It was precisely because of this that mo Luo Wutian wanted to obtain the ancestral wizard’s corpse at all costs.
Originally, mo Luo Wu Tian had found Emperor Jiang and the candle Dragon’s bodies, but Emperor Jiang’s body had already been taken away by Chen Xiaobei.
In this way, the remaining candle Dragon’s corpse would become the most important and the only bargaining chip of mo Luo Wu Tian!
Only by getting this chip could mo Luo Wutian have the right to continue playing.
Otherwise, the heaven-defying Dao he spoke of would just be a complete joke and would never be realized.
That was why he promised Chen Xiaobei that he would become the demonic world’s second ancestor after he succeeded!
Because to him, this was really too, too, too, too important!
“Alright, wait a moment, I’ll be back soon!”
Chen Xiaobei was very confident and was about to leave to retrieve the candle Dragon’s body.
“Hold on!”
Demonic Luo Wutian took out a round black jade-like pill from thin air and sent it to Chen Xiaobei with his celestial core power.
“What is this?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“World destroying saint G.o.d pill!”
“This elixir is the condensation of the essence of the world-destroying demonic aura that the Black Lotus Sutra has nurtured for hundreds of millions of years!” Peak quasi-Sage! It can heal all injuries to the essence soul and greatly improve the essence of the essence soul, making it billions of times stronger than before!”
Clearly, mo Luo Wutian was very powerful. He had already seen through Chen Xiaobei’s strengths and weaknesses.
Since Chen Xiaobei was going to complete an important mission, mo Luo Wutian wanted Chen Xiaobei to be in his best condition.
This pill at the peak stage of the sage-to-be realm was really worth it.
Even Chen Xiaobei was shocked.
“This … This …”
Chen Xiaobei was stunned. Never in his dreams would he have thought that mo Luo Wutian would take out the thing that he wanted the most at this moment.
Not only could this pill heal the essence spirit, but it could also strengthen the essence spirit by hundreds of millions of times.
Chen Xiaobei tried his best to hold in his laughter.
This happiness had come too suddenly!
