Chapter 3797 - 3797 Chapter 3798-breaking out
3797 Chapter 3798-breaking out
&Quot Dao ancestor Hongjun!!! &Quot
Six-eared macaque and kun Peng exclaimed in unison.
That was because kun Peng had seen the Dao ancestor before. Thus, both of them could recognize the person on the light screen.
&Quot Chen Xiaobei! &Quot
Hongjun ignored six-eared macaque and kun Peng. He looked at Chen Xiaobei and said in a serious tone, ” “You’ve already committed a heinous crime! If he still didn’t repent! He will be consigned to eternal d.a.m.nation and his body and soul will be destroyed!”
“Hongjun! In terms of seniority, I should call you Grandmaster, but you’re heartless and completely disregard the life and death of your disciples and Grand-disciples, so don’t blame me for not acknowledging you as Grandmaster!”
Chen Xiaobei glared at her coldly. His strong state of mind did not allow him to be afraid at all.”You said that I’ve committed a heinous crime, but have you ever thought about what I’m doing all this for?”
“Why?” Hongjun asked seriously.
“I wreaked havoc in the heavenly court to save the innocent fairy Chang ‘E! I captured kun Peng alive to protect my master!”
&Quot what if saving her is what you call a heinous crime?! &Quot Chen Xiaobei retorted. Then I want to ask, what is the Justice you keep talking about? What was punis.h.i.+ng evil and promoting good? Could it be a fart?”
“What a sharp mouth!” Hongjun said indifferently, ” but don’t forget that this world is under the control of the way of heaven. Justice recognized by the way of heaven is justice! &Quot Only kindness acknowledged by the heavenly Dao is true kindness!”
&Quot hehe … &Quot Chen Xiaobei laughed. &Quot so you’re saying that saving someone that the heavenly axiom does not approve of is a sin? What a joke! If the heavenly Dao can’t distinguish black from white, pointing out a deer as a horse, does that mean everyone has to cooperate with him?”
“If you cooperate with the heavenly Dao, I can let you Live! Let me ask you, are you willing to cooperate?” Hongjun asked.
“I understand!”
&Quot you Saints! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said disdainfully. &Quot you’re all cooperating with the heavenly Dao in order to survive! You’re distorting the truth and calling a deer a horse! You’re ignoring justice and harming the good! If I were you, I would definitely kill myself and never bring disaster to the world!”
“You say it so easily!”
Hongjun squinted, cupped his hands and bowed to the sky, saying, ” “A heavenly decree! If you, Chen Xiaobei, are willing to submit to me, the heavenly axiom will help you become the eighth Saint! From then on, he would stand proudly at the peak of the universe! Undying and imperishable! Ten thousand tribulations won’t grind you down!”
“What if I don’t submit?” Chen Xiaobei retorted.
“Die!” Hongjun only said one word. His tone was firm and as heavy as the endless universe. Even through the light curtain, one could feel a terrible pressure and killing intent.
Six-eared macaque and kun Peng were so scared that their faces turned pale and their bodies trembled.
Of course, Chen Xiaobei did not feel good either. After all, it was the pressure of a Dao ancestor. It was absolutely terrifying.
However, Chen Xiaobei’s state of mind had been greatly enhanced after going through so many life-and-death trials, and facing jieyin, demonic Luo Wutian, and demon master Kunpeng!
Chen Xiaobei could barely hold on. Although it would be tough, he would not be in as much of a sorry state as kun Peng and six-eared macaque.
“Chen Xiaobei … You … What are you hesitating for?” she asked. Kun Peng trembled and said,”either you become a saint!” Either you die! Even a r.e.t.a.r.d wouldn’t make the wrong choice in this kind of multiple choice question!”
“I’ve said it before, I’d rather die than cooperate with the heavenly Dao’s performance!” Chen Xiaobei answered without even blinking.
&Quot Luna … You are a complete lunatic … &Quot kun Peng trembled and broke out in a cold sweat.
At the same time, six-eared macaque was extremely nervous. &Quot “Bro bei! Don’t talk nonsense with Hongjun! As time pa.s.ses, he might find this place!”
“Don’t worry! If he could find it, he would have already killed his way here!”
Chen Xiaobei’s dark eyes glowed with a sharp light.
“Hongjun! You listen! I don’t care about being a heavenly path Saint! If you can still say something useful, then say it quickly! If you’re still spouting sh * t like before, then I’m sorry I can’t keep you company!”
Domineering!
Unparalleled power!
Kun Peng and six-eared macaque were stunned by the scene.
Even Dao ancestor Hongjun was stunned. He choked and could not speak for a long time.
Chen Xiaobei was the first person in the universe who dared to speak to Hongjun in such a manner!
“Alright!”
Hongjun calmed himself down and said indifferently, ” since you want to die, we will help you sooner or later. &Quot However, before I kill you, we need to talk about the kun Peng!”
Chen Xiaobei knew that the kun Peng had a special effect on the heavenly axiom, and that the heavenly axiom would find a way to get the kun Peng back.
This was Chen Xiaobei’s only chance to save the prime of Tongtian.
“Alright, tell me, what do you want to discuss about the kun Peng?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“If you let kun Peng go, we’ll let Tong Tian go!” Hongjun directly stated the condition of one for one.
“Why should I believe you?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“Why don’t you believe me?” Hongjun said indifferently,’Tongtian is your master! And the kun Peng was just a dog of the heavenly Dao! If the heavenly Dao has other dogs, it’ll be too late for you to believe it!”
Obviously, Hongjun was threatening Chen Xiaobei.
If the heavenly Dao had a new dog, sect leader Tongtian would die without a doubt.
Therefore, if Chen Xiaobei wanted to exchange the hostages, he had to do it as soon as possible. If this dragged on, the prime of Tongtian would be in greater danger.
“I agree with this plan …”
“But, how can I be sure that you won’t do anything to my Sifu?” Chen Xiaobei asked. And how can we be sure that you won’t betray us at the last minute?”
“This will depend on your own ability!” Hongjun said indifferently, ” don’t forget. You’ve already chosen to die. &Quot Even if we did something, even if we betrayed you, it’s only natural!”
“If that’s the case, then everything you said just now was all Bullsh * t!” “If I can’t save Sifu, why should I return to kun Peng?” Chen Xiaobei said angrily.
“Still the same words!” Hongjun said coldly, ” if you send Kunpeng back, you might be able to see Tongtian. If you don’t send the kun Peng back, you won’t even be able to see Tong Tian when the heavenly Dao has a new Lackey!”
“Alright! Let’s see if the heavenly Dao is faster or I am faster!” &Quot no! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said coldly, ” if I can capture kun Peng alive, I can also capture anyone who might become the heavenly axiom’s Lackey! &Quot
“Hehe, Who Do You Think You Are?”
Hong lie said disdainfully, ” you’re trapped in the red Lotus formation. You can’t even escape. How can you capture the dogs of the heavenly axiom alive? ”
Chen Xiaobei had been sealed in the palace. The level of the seal was so high that it was not something Chen Xiaobei could break.
If this continued, Chen Xiaobei would be trapped and the prime of Tongtian would die.
“Chen Xiaobei! The situation was already very clear! You can’t break out of this!” Hongjun said coldly.
“With your words …”
Chen Xiaobei looked at her and said, ” “I’m definitely going to break this trap!”
