Chapter 3747 - 3747 Save me
3747 Save me
Whoosh … Whoosh … Whoosh …
All of a sudden, everyone’s greed skyrocketed, and almost all the demon Saints, including the most senior demon saint, began to circulate their celestial core power.
Although their cultivations were lower than that of mo Luo Wutian, they were both at the level of Sage-to-be. If they joined forces to kill mo Luo Wutian, even if they were to wear him down bit by bit, they would still be able to wear him down.
“Don’t come over! I’m warning you! Don’t come over!”
Molo Wutian was completely fl.u.s.tered. He had been struck by the heaven severing thought, and his primordial spirit was severely injured. He could not circulate his celestial core power, and his body could not exert any strength. He was like a fish on a chopping board, waiting to be slaughtered.
At this moment, mo Luo Wutian was shouting loudly, trying to stop the 27 devil Saints from approaching him.
However, just as Chen Xiaobei said, this was the best and perhaps only chance for these 27 people. If they seized this chance, they would be able to conquer the demonic world. If they did not, they would die in the cataclysm.
Even a fool wouldn’t make the wrong choice in such a multiple-choice question.
The 27 great devil Saints naturally would not listen to the orders of mo Luo Wutian anymore. On the contrary, the more mo Luo Wutian shouted, the faster their footsteps became.
“Chen Xiaobei! Save me! As long as you save me! I’m willing to agree to all your requests!”
At this moment, mo Luo Wutian really had no other way.
With his immortal essence cut off, he couldn’t even use his Dharma Treasure or open his storage bracelet.
Around them, everyone had already abandoned them.
As a last resort, mo Luo Wutian could only ask Chen Xiaobei for help.
“Wutian! You’re not scared silly, are you? Chen Xiaobei is just an eight-star celestial immortal. Only his will can hurt us. Why would he save you?”
The twenty-seven devil Saints looked at the dejected mo Luo Wutian, who was lying on the ground like a dead dog. They sneered and were not in a hurry to make a move. They all liked to see mo Luo Wutian’s miserable appearance.
“Chen Xiaobei! Save me!”
Demonic Luo Wutian did not waste his breath on the 27 demonic Saints. He stared at Chen Xiaobei with his cross-shaped eyes.
It was no exaggeration to say that Chen Xiaobei was the only hope for mo Luo Wu Tian! The only life-saving straw!
“Stop dreaming! I can’t save you!”
Chen Xiaobei shook his head and said as he stepped back, ” “You schemed against me first, then you schemed against fan Qing. I can’t possibly not take revenge for this! I’m going to watch you die today! And he died with his eyes wide open!”
“Chen Xiaobei! You’re so cruel!”
Mo Luo Wutian roared hysterically, ” “Your scheme not only took my life! It even caused the unification of my demon world to completely collapse! A b.l.o.o.d.y war between the twenty-seven countries would definitely break out! This immeasurable catastrophe will definitely be the ultimate death calamity of the mo world!”
It was a heart-killing!
Chen Xiaobei’s actions were really amazing.
First of all, he would use the demons to get rid of mo Luo Wutian.
Then, in order to compete for the Supreme hegemony, the demons would sooner or later turn against each other and start a full-scale war that would not stop until one of them died.
Only after a trillion years of hard work by mo Luo Wu Tian did he manage to achieve the current prosperity and prosperity of the unified demon world.
Once an all-out war broke out, all the efforts that mo Luo Wu Tian had put in for billions of years would be destroyed! The entire Devil World would be in chaos!
If they faced the immeasurable cultivation tribulation, the demon race might be like the Wu race in the past, heading towards complete decline!
This plan was to kill Wutian! Exterminate the demon race!
If the result was really as he had imagined, everyone in the universe, including the heavenly Dao, would be shocked!
The way of heaven had always regarded the demon tribe as a great threat. Led by Hongjun, all the sages of the way of heaven were trying their best to predict the situation of the demon tribe in order to eliminate them and protect the Dao!
However, none of them could do it. They couldn’t even do it.
Therefore, sect master Tongtian had said a long time ago that whoever could quell the chaos in the demon world would be rewarded with the infinite public morality that was enough to prove the way and become a saint!
Chen Xiaobei’s plan was so cool and powerful that it was invincible!
But!
At this moment!
“Chen Xiaobei!” Mo Luo Wutian suddenly changed the topic. You’re so stupid! You’ve destroyed my demon race today, which is equivalent to helping the heavenly Dao get rid of a great calamity! After I die, the heavenly Dao will scheme against you! It won’t be long before you come to h.e.l.l to accompany me!”
Chen Xiaobei smiled and said, ” “Heh, I have what you have! I still have what you don’t have! If the heavenly Dao can’t kill you, it can’t kill me!”
The ‘things’ that Chen Xiaobei was referring to were the demonic and human imprints.
No one in the surroundings knew of the existence of these two imprints.
However, Chen Xiaobei knew very well that the six heavenly path Saints would not be able to break through the human seal’s cover. They would not be able to figure out anything about him.
Therefore, Chen Xiaobei did not care about the threat from mo Luo Wutian.
&Quot boom boom boom … Boom boom boom … &Quot
At the same time, the 27 devil Saints did not have the patience to listen to the conversation between mo Luo Wu Tian and Chen Xiaobei. Each of them activated their celestial core power and circulated their strongest power. They were all ready to attack mo Luo Wu Tian!
However, at this moment of life and death, mo Luo Wutian did not think about himself. Instead, he continued to speak to Chen Xiaobei.
“Your safety is only temporary!”
“The eighth heavenly path Sage is about to appear!” Mo Luo Wutian said solemnly. At that time, even if sect leader Tongtian didn’t make a move, seven heavenly path sages would still be able to join forces to calculate! Chen Xiaobei might be able to avoid it, but he would not be able to avoid it!
“What? The eighth heavenly path Saint? Who is it?” Chen Xiaobei was shocked.
“Save me! Otherwise! We’ll die together!” Mo Luo Wutian did not answer because this answer was his last bargaining chip. Whether Chen Xiaobei was willing to save him or not would all depend on this answer.
“BOOM! BOOM! Boom …”
Before Chen Xiaobei could answer, the 27 demonic Saints had already launched their attacks at him.
27 quasi-sages!
The power of the celestial core power was terrifying, vast, and domineering. The Supreme and mysterious magic power was enough to crush the heavens and destroy all living beings!
Although he was a peak-stage Sage-to-be, without the protection of celestial core power, the attacks of the 27 demon Saints would more or less injure him!
Among them, the devil Saint with the highest seniority had reached the late stage of nine-star Sage-to-be, which was only one minor realm lower than mo Luo Wutian. The power of his attack was aimed at mo Luo Wutian’s vital parts, and he instantly injured him severely.
This was also because mo Luo Wutian was strong enough. If it was someone else, they would have already turned into ashes, not even leaving a trace.
“Chen Xiaobei! &Quot save me … &Quot mo Luo Wutian vomited a large amount of blood. His eyes were filled with despair.
“Ling jiuxiao!”
&Quot run! &Quot Chen Xiaobei shouted and disappeared into the distance.
