Chapter 3781 - 3781 Chapter 3782-arrival
3781 Chapter 3782-arrival
Initially, Chen Xiaobei had left two of the easiest guys to deal with for the Jade Qilin Saint. However, the plan did not change as quickly as he thought it would.
The huge commotion was enough to shock the entire city and would definitely attract everyone’s attention.
The long-eared fixed light immortal and even the demon master kun Peng would be on guard.
Of course, Chen Xiaobei did not have the time to think about the troubles that would follow. The most important thing at the moment was to ensure the safety of the Jade Kylin Saint.
This old man was a very good person. Chen Xiaobei would not let anything happen to him.
Golden Phoenix Sacred Palace.
When Chen Xiaobei and the rest arrived, the battle had already ended.
Without a doubt, Golden Phoenix was defeated and fell to the ground, unable to get up.
“Old man! Are you alright?”
Chen Xiaobei immediately rushed to Yu Lin’s side.
Tai Yi, the green Goat Saint, and the White Bear Saint followed behind Chen Xiaobei.
&Quot I’m fine. Besides, the treasure vault of Saint mo Luan is already in my hands … &Quot
&Quot but, I didn’t expect that Golden Phoenix wouldn’t surrender no matter what, ” Saint Yulin sighed. &Quot he insisted on fighting me … I’m afraid we’ve alerted the enemy … &Quot
“It’s good that you’re alright, old man!”
Chen Xiaobei let out a sigh of relief. &Quot now, all we need is the Golden placid saint’s treasure vault. Then, our initial plan will be complete. Even if we alert the enemy, I can still handle it! &Quot
“Stop dreaming! Even if I die! I would never hand the treasure vault over to evil people like you who Harbor ill intentions! I will never let you harm s.h.i.+zun!”
Golden Phoenix Saint was extremely stubborn. He spat out blood and shouted, ” “Eldest senior brother will be here soon, and when that time comes, all of you will die! All of you must die!”
&Quot little Jinchuan, you can’t tell right from wrong and acknowledge a thief as your father. How are you going to face your dead ancestor? ”
At this moment, Taiyi stood up and said seriously, ” “If I’m not wrong, your family’s ancestor once had a mutated h.e.l.lfire Golden Phoenix! He was once one of the nine court pillars of the demon race’s heavenly court!”
“You … How did you know?” Golden placid Saint master was slightly stunned, and his eyes were filled with disbelief.
&Quot this is His Majesty, the East Emperor! &Quot
“Jin Lu!” Saint venerable White Bear said solemnly. Quickly kneel down! The East Emperor has already told me everything that happened back then! Kun Peng was a traitor to the demon heavenly court! He was the one who stole the book of Luo and the river diagram, and he harmed everyone!”
&Quot how … How is this possible?! &Quot Golden placid said in disbelief.
“Don’t doubt me!”
“I saw with my own eyes His Majesty’s unique celestial core power of sun, moon, and stars suppressing the special abilities of all races!” It can’t be fake!”
“Your Majesty! Is it really you? Your Majesty!”
Saint Jin Lu knew Saint White bear’s character very well.
If Taiyi wasn’t real, he wouldn’t have been able to make the loyal Saint venerable White Bear change sides.
Since golden placid’s ancestor was once a pillar of the demonic heavenly court and was indirectly killed by the kun Peng, he would naturally change his stance and ally with Chen Xiaobei.
After that, Chen Xiaobei had obtained 40 billion upper-grade spiritual Jade and countless other resources from mo Luan and Jin Lu’s Treasuries.
At this point.
Chen Xiaobei now had 160 billion upper-cla.s.s spiritual jades and all kinds of resources.
With that, the first step of the plan was successfully completed.
The second step of the plan had already begun!
&Quot what happened here?! &Quot
With a furious roar, a middle-aged man in a gray Daoist robe with an extremely powerful aura flew to the scene.
The moment they saw him, Jade Qilin Saint, White Bear Saint, Green Goat Saint, and golden centipede Saint couldn’t help but look in awe.
That’s right!
This man was the first direct disciple of the demon master kun Peng, a seven-star Sage-to-be, the long-eared dingguang immortal!
“What the h.e.l.l are you four doing? Such a huge commotion had already alarmed master! If the old man blames you, you won’t have a good ending!”
The long-eared setting light immortal looked down at the four Saint Venerables and rebuked them in an extremely domineering and superior tone. It was like an elder scolding a junior, not caring about the face of the four Saint Venerables.
As for Chen Xiaobei and Taiyi, they were two young humans with pitifully low cultivation. The long-eared dingguang immortal didn’t even look at them.
However, the only person who could make the decision and Control the situation was Chen Xiaobei!
“Stupid rabbit! Open your eyes wide and take a good look at who I am!”
Chen Xiaobei took a step forward and appeared in front of the long-eared dingguang Xian in his true form.
“You … You are …”
The long-eared immortal of fixed light narrowed his eyes and observed for a moment.”You are Chen Xiaobei! “You … How are you still alive?” This … This is impossible! That’s absolutely impossible!”
“Aren’t you going to ask why I’m here?” Chen Xiaobei’s brows were raised, and his dark eyes were filled with sharp killing intent.
“You? You’re here … To look for me?” The long-eared dingguang Xian was puzzled. He could not figure out how Chen Xiaobei had found his way here.
&Quot I was looking for kun Peng, but I didn’t expect you to be here … &Quot Chen Xiaobei said. &Quot so, I want to kill you before I find kun Peng to clean up the Jie sect! &Quot
&Quot clean up the sect!? &Quot
The long-eared immortal dingguang was slightly startled, and his expression became very complicated.
Chen Xiaobei’s strength was very weak, so the long-eared dingguang Xian had no reason to lie.
If the long-eared dingguang Xian was not a traitor, he would have explained everything to Chen Xiaobei.
Of course, if the long-eared immortal of fixed light was really a traitor, he would definitely show his ugly and ferocious side.
“Hahaha …”
Suddenly, the long-eared dingguang immortal threw his head back and laughed. His laughter was filled with disdain and mockery.
“Chen Xiaobei! Was your brain kicked by a donkey? You’re just a peak nine-Star Mystic immortal, and you want to kill me? With what? With your mouth?”
The long-eared immortal of fixed light said in a ruthless and disdainful tone, ” “If sect leader Tongtian was still here, he might have been able to help you. But now, he’s almost dead! You still want to be my enemy? It was pure daydreaming! Hahaha …”
“What happened to my master? Why did he lose his life!” Chen Xiaobei was shocked and immediately asked.
&Quot hehe, ” the long-eared immortal of fixed light sneered, ” sect leader Tongtian is just a dog of the heavenly Dao. Now, this dog is very, very disobedient. The heavenly Dao will naturally not let him Live! I’m only waiting for demon master to become a saint and die for Tongtian!”
Everyone was shocked by his words.
On the other hand, Chen Xiaobei let out a sigh of relief, as if he had already known about this.
