Chapter 3788 - 3788 Chapter 3789-chaos
3788 Chapter 3789-chaos
“I’ve tried to contact him, but I didn’t get a reply …”
&Nbsp ” don’t worry too much, bro bei! &Quot Jiang Ziya said helplessly. &Quot as long as you can still feel Rahu’s soul contract, it means that he’s fine! &Quot
&Quot yes! &Quot Chen Xiaobei nodded. &Quot I can sense the primordial spirit contract, but we are in a dangerous situation right now. I can’t be at ease if I don’t bring him to my side! &Quot
Jiang Ziya sighed helplessly. &Quot well, that’s true. But we don’t know Luo Yi’s location, and we can’t contact him. There’s nothing we can do other than worry … &Quot
“There it is!”
Chen Xiaobei smacked his forehead and said, ” “Look at my brain, I’m really confused! I have the heaven glimpse Saint talisman!”
After that, Chen Xiaobei took out the heaven glimpse Saint talisman from Taoist Cundi.
He activated his special ability in an attempt to find Luo Yi’s position.
Actually, it was not that Chen Xiaobei was muddleheaded. It was just that he had been busy with a lot of things recently and his brain was working at a high speed every second. It was normal for him to forget things occasionally.
&Quot strange … The heaven glimpse Saint talisman can’t find Luo Yi!? &Quot
Chen Xiaobei activated his special ability and frowned.
On the other hand, Jiang Ziya grinned and said, ” “Bro bei, you can really rest a.s.sured now! If the heaven Scryer Saint talisman can’t find a person, then the heavenly Dao Saints can’t find him either!”
“Why do you say so?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“So stupid!”
On the side, Tian Peng gnawed on a spiritual fruit and said,”The heavenly path Saints are not omnipotent! There were many places in the universe that were not under their control! If the heaven glimpse Saint talisman can’t be found, it means that Luo Yi has already entered a mysterious realm that is beyond the control of the Saints. He’s naturally safe!”
&Quot I see … &Quot Chen Xiaobei thought for a moment. &Quot for example, the creation wood, demonic realm, and parts of the ancient Barrens can not be predicted by Saints! &Quot
“Not only that!”
&Quot there are also some creation Saints who are beyond the control of the Saints! &Quot Jiang Ziya said.
“What is the Holy realm of fortune?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“When Pangu broke the Jade plate of fate, the fragments were scattered in different places, and some of the primordial violet vapor contained in the fragments were integrated into spiritual objects, becoming sacred level Supreme treasures! Some merge into the spiritual veins and become Supreme Holy Lands!”
Tian Peng said, ” Luo Yi might have found a Holy land of fortune. When he comes out, all his aspects will soar! &Quot This isn’t a danger, but one of the greatest opportunities in the universe!”
“Phew … Now that you’ve explained it to me, I’m relieved!” Chen Xiaobei nodded.
“There are two more people you can’t forget!” Tian Peng put down the spiritual fruit and said seriously, ” One is Chang ‘e, and the other is Fu Tian Xin’ er! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei’s expression changed.
“Don’t think too much!”
Tian Peng quickly explained,”I already see Chang ‘e as my sister-in-law!” As for Fu Tian Xin ‘er, she and I were comrades in arms during the war in the celestial heavens, so I naturally have to think of her!”
&Quot pfft … Second senior brother, you’re thinking too much … I know you’re lecherous, but I also know that you won’t covet your brother’s woman. I’m very a.s.sured about this! &Quot
&Quot of course I won’t! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said. &Quot I won’t forget about Chang ‘e fairy and Xin’ er! &Quot However, they’re both with mother Nuwa and are under strict protection. I can’t contact them at all!”
&Quot and mother Nuwa has yet to reply, so I’m also waiting for her reply. I’ll see what she thinks before I decide if I’ll accept them or not! &Quot
“It’s good that you didn’t forget!” Tian Peng nodded and began to gnaw on the spiritual fruit again.
“It would be great if luohou could really find a Holy land of fortune!”
&Quot that’s great! &Quot Jiang Ziya said. &Quot by then, we can move bei Xuan faction into the city. Everyone will be safe! &Quot
“I hope so …”
&Nbsp ” even the Saints can’t find it, ” Chen Xiaobei said helplessly, ” the chances of Rahu finding it is not high. I think he must have entered the jianmu world, the demonic world, or some other place that the Saints can’t find. &Quot
“Bro bei!”
The six-eared macaque said, ” “There is a memory related to the Holy realm in the kun Peng’s memory!”
“Hurry up and tell me!” Chen Xiaobei was excited.
&Quot let’s go! &Quot six-eared macaque said. &Quot according to kun Peng’s memory, we should find the Yunyi Celestial Palace first. Then, we can find more clues about the creation Sacred Realm! &Quot
&Quot Yunyi Celestial Palace!? &Quot Chen Xiaobei was shocked.
Wasn’t this a coincidence?
Chen Xiaobei was now the heir to the Yunyi Celestial Palace in name, and with the Yunyi token in his hand, he could go to the Yunyi Celestial Palace at any time.
However, it was clear that this was not the time yet.
The safety of sect leader Tongtian, Xin ‘er, and fairy Chang’ e was still a concern.
Sun Wukong, celestial Hound, and Taiyin true deity also needed to be found immediately.
Also, Emperor Jiang had mentioned that he was looking for the creation wood and Pangu’s relic.
Furthermore, the six-eared macaque had transformed into Zhurong Gonggong and had locked onto the location of their bodies. He had to retrieve them as soon as possible.
In the end, sect leader Tongtian had asked G.o.ddess Nuwa to send a message to the Chiyou sect, asking them to help Chen Xiaobei in the ancient desolate land.
Chen Xiaobei had used the talisman to check Chi You’s location. He estimated that he should be in the most dangerous area of the ancient Barrens by now.
Chiyou’s cultivation was not strong. Chen Xiaobei had to go and help him as soon as possible or he would be in danger.
That was what Chen Xiaobei had to do as soon as possible.
Basically, other than searching for Pangu’s relic, everything else could only be done last night before he could go to the Yunyi immortal Palace.
So, Chen Xiaobei kept his cool and did not think too much about the Holy Land.
Of course, the above things seemed to be a lot, but it was actually done very quickly.
[ nüwa has sent you a private message. ]
[ Nuwa: Xiaobei! ] You’re really too G.o.dly! I was originally worried that you’d be in grave danger if you went to the Holy puppet city. I didn’t expect that you’d actually wipe out the entire Yuan religion! (Unbelievable)
Chen Xiaobei: ” what’s the situation on your side now? ”
Nuwa thought, Dao ancestor’s purple cloud Palace is already in a mess! No one would have thought that kun Peng would be defeated by you!
Nuwa thought,”you must know that kun Peng is the new Sage appointed by the heavenly Dao!” Your actions are truly earth-shattering and outrageous to the extreme!
[Nuwa: at this moment, those sages are trying their best to track you down. They’re trying their best to guess what your next plan is. They’re trying their best to come up with a plan to deal with you …]
Nuwa: “unfortunately, after half a day of chaos, they couldn’t figure out anything. All their guesses and plans were meaningless. We can only end the meeting for now! &Quot I took the opportunity to slip out for a while, and I’ll continue to make a fuss later …(A soft smile)
What do you think of this, lady Nuwa?
