Chapter 3754 - 3754 It was her
3754 It was her
At this moment.
Chen Xiaobei was still in human form, but his body was covered in purple-gold dragon scales. He had fangs in his mouth and sharp claws on his hands and feet. His eyes were fierce and wild. He had become a full-blown demon!
In the past, whenever Chen Xiaobei went to some special cities, he would be stopped by the guards, and there would often be conflicts.
This time, however, Chen Xiaobei had received special treatment like never before.
The demonic soldiers had all reached the Xuan immortal stage, but they were very respectful to Chen Xiaobei, who was an eight-star celestial immortal. It was as if they were seeing their own father.
“May I ask who your esteemed self is? What business do you have in my Holy puppet city?”
The captain of the soldiers asked respectfully.
It was obvious that the fey attached great importance to the levels of bloodlines! Whether you are n.o.ble or lowly, it all depends on your bloodline!
Whether it was a Dragon or an insect, or a Phoenix or a chicken, there was a huge difference in status in the territory of the demon race!
Even though Chen Xiaobei’s cultivation was low, he had the purple-gold Divine dragon’s bloodline, which gave him a high status in this place.
Some of the water-kind would even wors.h.i.+p Chen Xiaobei as a G.o.d of faith.
It was just like how Chen Xiaobei had used his ident.i.ty as the Dragon ancestor’s emissary to subdue many demons.
Of course, Chen Xiaobei could see that.
So, Chen Xiaobei put on a confident look and said, ” “My name is Xuan bei. I heard that the demon master kun Peng is establis.h.i.+ng a sect here, so I’m here to visit!” He said.
“You’ve come at a bad time!”
“The demon master is in seclusion,” the guard Captain said,”he won’t see anyone before he comes out! Even the entire Yuan religion has been temporarily sealed off. Other than Yao s.h.i.+’s six direct disciples, no one is allowed to enter or leave!”
“The yuan sect?” Chen Xiaobei was taken aback.
“You still don’t know?” The guard Captain explained,”the sect established by the demon master was named the yuan religion!” There’s a rumor that the demon master will become a saint in this immeasurable trial, and the yuan sect will be the new Saint sect!”
Yuan!
It was the beginning! They were the leaders! It was big!
Kun Peng named his sect with the word ‘Yuan’, which showed how ambitious he was. He even wanted to be the head of all the Saints!
What a big tone!
Chen Xiaobei’s anger grew, but he did not show it on his face.
Chen Xiaobei was not convinced by anyone’s acting skills!
“Since the demon master is in seclusion, I can enter the city and wait. I won’t be rejected, right?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“Of course I won’t! If you wish to enter the city, we will welcome you!”
“The demon master has always liked to recruit talents,” the guard Captain said.”A high-level divine bloodline like yours is usually an honored guest of the yuan religion! If you’re willing, you can even become Yao master’s seventh personal disciple!”
“Since that’s the case, I’ll wait in the city first. As for the rest, we’ll talk about it after meeting the demon master!” Chen Xiaobei did not mention anything about becoming his disciple.
Of course, the captain of the guards could not see any flaws, so he did not doubt Chen Xiaobei’s words. He opened the gate and watched Chen Xiaobei enter the city.
This entire underwater Empire was enveloped by a magic formation. Seawater would not enter, so walking in the city was no different from walking on land.
The only difference was that the light of the sun, moon, and stars shone on the land, while the light of this Empire under the sea came from that array.
When Chen Xiaobei entered the formation, he discovered something even more shocking.
“Such abundant spiritual Qi!”
Chen Xiaobei could not help but click his tongue in wonder.”The spiritual Qi here is even more abundant than in the heavenly court! Furthermore, it was extremely pure! The grade of the underground spiritual vein had probably reached the quasi-Sage level! There might even be more than one!”
This was definitely a huge discovery.
With so many spirit veins, the citizens and soldiers of the Empire would be able to enjoy an abundance of spirit Qi.
In this way, as long as they had enough time, their power would continue to grow.
No wonder even the guards at the city gate were all at the profound immortal stage! If they were the elite soldiers of the military camp, they could probably reach the realm of high-level Mystic Immortals and not lose to the heavenly court’s heavenly soldiers at all. In fact, they might even be better!
“After the second immeasurable catastrophe, kun Peng became a stray dog. He definitely doesn’t have the ability to gather so many quasi-Sage level spiritual veins! Even if they could gather, he wouldn’t be able to defend it! Just like how the book of Luo and the river map were s.n.a.t.c.hed away by the immortal Zhenyuan, without the support of a powerful backer, I’m afraid this underwater Empire would have long changed hands!”
Chen Xiaobei thought to himself,’and the heavenly Dao is the one who is supporting kun Peng! He had already planned this and was secretly supporting kun Peng’s power! After kun Peng becomes stronger, he will become a better chess piece!”
“Right now, the Holy puppet city is already at the peak of its power, even better than the heavenly court! The yuan religion had also grown. Among the six direct disciples, there was already a Sage-to-be! Even if we can’t be number one for now, we’ll still have the confidence and backing to back us up!”
There was no doubt that the heavenly Dao was playing a very big game of chess. Moreover, it had already begun to plan for a long time.
According to the results of the previous three measureless cultivation tribulations, the heavenly Dao would definitely incite a war in the fourth measureless cultivation tribulation to weaken or directly destroy the forces that threatened it!
The Jie sect only existed in name! The demons were the first to bear the brunt!
Mo Luo Wu Tian had already fallen into the hands of Tian Dao, and the 27 devil Saints were also seriously injured. There were probably only a few who could escape from the hands of Tian Dao.
Once the cultivation tribulation came, even if the devil tribe was not completely exterminated, they would be suppressed like the Wu tribe. They could only hide somewhere and live an ign.o.ble life.
“However, if it’s just to deal with a single demon! Is there a need for the heavenly Dao to play such a big game of chess?”
Chen Xiaobei frowned and hesitated. &Quot &Quot the demon race has always been regarded by the world as the source of evil. Even if the heavenly Dao doesn’t plot anything, it can still justifiably eliminate the demon! &Quot
“In other words, the heavenly Dao’s various schemes might not only be targeted at the demon race! In fact, he’s not even a demon!”
Suddenly, Chen Xiaobei’s imagination started to run wild.
“Could it be that there’s a force that can threaten the heavenly Dao in a realm that we’re completely unknown of? And this power was the power that the fourth measureless calamity really wanted to suppress and destroy! He’s also the true target of the heavenly Dao’s schemes!”
Although this was just Chen Xiaobei’s guess, it could very well become reality!
In this way, the situation would become even more complicated.
“Little girl! Stop right there! I’m talking to you! Did you hear me?”
At this moment, an ear-piercing roar came from not far away. It was very arrogant and fierce.
Chen Xiaobei did not want to meddle in other people’s business.
&Quot how could it be her?! &Quot
But when he looked over, Chen Xiaobei was surprised to find that the woman who had been shouted at by the murderer was an old acquaintance of his!
