Chapter 3773 - 3773 Chapter 3774-derivation
3773 Chapter 3774-derivation
“Alright!”
Dugu zang Xian did not hesitate at all, as if Chen Xiaobei was just asking for an ordinary candy.
However, at the same time, purple ROC Saint and Jade Kylin Saint both had a complicated look on their faces.
Purple ROC Saint looked like he was having a headache. His heart was bleeding. After all, the kun Peng Holy Meridian pill was supposed to be his. Now, it was going to be given to Chen Xiaobei for free. He wanted to die from this loss.
Don’t forget that the kun Peng Holy Meridian pill had reached the peak level of the sage-to-be, and there were only two of them in the universe. It was definitely a priceless treasure.
If it was possible, purple ROC Saint master was willing to pay any price in exchange for the kun Peng sacred Meridian pill.
Unfortunately, Chen Xiaobei would never agree to it.
Saint purple ROC was still holding the heaven and earth purple flame feather fan in his hand. Chen Xiaobei could kill him with a single thought.
Therefore, whatever Chen Xiaobei did not agree to, purple ROC Saint did not dare to object, or even think about it.
On the other side.
Jade Kylin Saint was both surprised and happy. He couldn’t stay calm at all.
Although he had given Chen Xiaobei three Jade Kylin divine origin pills, he felt that he had made a huge loss.
But now, purple ROC Saint did not dare to take back the kun Peng Holy Meridian pill. If Chen Xiaobei successfully developed the kun Peng bloodline after eating one, the remaining one would be useless to him.
This way, Chen Xiaobei would definitely give the remaining kun Peng Holy Meridian pills to dugu zang Xian!
The Jade Qilin divine origin pill was only a three-star quasi-Sage level pill, while the kun Peng divine Meridian pill was a peak quasi-Sage level pill. The difference was like heaven and earth.
In terms of value, a hundred Jade Qilin divine origin pills might not be able to exchange for a kun Peng divine Meridian pill.
If dugu zang Xian really managed to obtain the remaining kun Peng sacred Meridian pill, then he, Jade Kylin Saint venerable, would be the biggest winner.
Then, he remembered what dugu zang Xian had just said … &Quot your investment in Chen Xiaobei will be returned tenfold or even a hundredfold in the near future! &Quot
At first, the Jade Kylin Saint didn’t dare to believe it.
However, at this moment, just this one kun Peng Holy Meridian pill had allowed him to receive more than a hundred times the return. It was simply terrifying.
The way the Jade Qilin Saint looked at Chen Xiaobei had completely changed. He was trying to figure out who Chen Xiaobei was. Such a Foundation was simply unfathomable!
“I’ll eat this one first, you can keep the other one for yourself.”
Chen Xiaobei took one of the kun Peng Holy Meridian pills and left the other one for dugu zang Xian.
“Alright,” he said.
Immortal dugu zang didn’t stand on ceremony and smiled sweetly like an obedient little wife.
Seeing this, purple ROC Saint master’s jealousy and envy reached the deepest part of his soul. Such a beautiful and flawless woman was cold to others, but she was obedient to Chen Xiaobei.
Not only purple ROC Saint, but all the men in the universe would be jealous of this.
“Purple ROC, follow me!”
&Quot let’s go! &Quot Chen Xiaobei ordered as he brought purple ROC into the verdant Emperor’s divine gourd.
One should not forget that Chen Xiaobei was currently using his Dharmakaya to travel. If he wanted to regrow his bloodline, he would have to return to his physical body.
As for the verdant Emperor’s divine gourd, it would naturally be kept by immortal dugu zang, so there would definitely be no accidents.
“Whoosh …”
With a thought, the purple-gold dragon body returned to Chen Xiaobei’s body.
&Quot how … How is this possible?! &Quot
Purple ROC Saint was dumbfounded. He would never have thought that all he saw was Chen Xiaobei’s Dharmakaya.
More importantly, he, purple ROC Saint master, could not tell that it was a Dharmakaya!
In fact, after devouring the jieyin’s blood essence, Chen Xiaobei’s Dharmakaya had changed. The formless chaotic Dharmakaya had been upgraded to a Saint-tier cultivation skill. At the same time, the Dharmakaya had materialized and was no different from a real physical body. No one under the heavenly path Sage could see any flaws!
Even the demonic master kun Peng would not be able to tell if Chen Xiaobei’s was a Dharmakaya or a physical body, let alone the purple ROC Saint.
“Whoosh …”
Then, Chen Xiaobei consumed the kun Peng Holy Meridian pill.
The moment the pill entered his mouth, a terrifying spiritual wave burst out, turning Chen Xiaobei into a spiritual tornado that swept through everything within tens of thousands of meters. The sky changed color, and time and s.p.a.ce trembled and twisted.
At the same time, under the baptism of the spiritual fluctuations, the core blood essence and marrow of the kun Peng Holy Meridian pill was released and integrated into every corner of Chen Xiaobei’s body.
If Chen Xiaobei did not have any bloodline in his body, he would be able to successfully create the witch dragon’s bloodline just like he did when he first absorbed all the blood essence and marrow.
However, Chen Xiaobei already had the witch dragon’s blood in his body. It would be extremely difficult for him to develop the kun Peng’s blood.
The fusion of the two bloodlines was like the Union of a kun Peng and a witch Dragon. A new bloodline would only be born if a healthy baby was born.
If there were any abnormalities during this process, the new bloodline might have problems. It might be because the level was too low, or the special ability was too weak, or it might not even be able to produce a new bloodline.
Because of this, demon master kun Peng gave the only two kun Peng sacred Meridian pills to purple ROC Saint. In fact, if purple ROC Saint failed, he would have a chance to try again.
“G.o.d Chen! But if you can’t, don’t force yourself!”
Purple ROC Saint venerable stood not far away and said loudly, ” “My master once said that if the birth of the bloodline is not smooth, we can only let nature take its course and can not change it by force! Otherwise, at the very least, his blood would flow in reverse and he would be seriously injured! In the worst case, your qi and blood will be in chaos, and you’ll die from an explosion!”
It was obvious that purple ROC Saint had placed a bet on Chen Xiaobei. He wanted to see the final battle between Chen Xiaobei and kun Peng. That was why purple ROC Saint had reminded Chen Xiaobei to be careful.
As long as Chen Xiaobei could defeat the kun Peng demon master, purple ROC Saint would immediately join Chen Xiaobei’s faction. He would even lead the entire ROC clan to submit to Chen Xiaobei in exchange for a better future.
If he didn’t see the final battle, purple ROC Saint venerable would have lost two kun Peng sacred Meridian pills for no reason. Of course, he would be able to settle this deal.
Therefore, purple ROC Saint did not want anything to happen to Chen Xiaobei.
But now, under the impact of the true essence and bloodline, Chen Xiaobei was calm and fearless. He even had a confident smile on his face, as if everything was under his control!
“Whoosh …”
The next moment, Chen Xiaobei activated his blood essence absorption ability.
The blood-red swastika appeared and shrouded Chen Xiaobei’s head.
10,000 techniques return to one was its special ability!
