Chapter 3741 - 3741 Chapter 3742-who is it
3741 Chapter 3742-who is it
It had to be said that this decision of mo Luo Wutian’s was really too funny!
Chen Xiaobei was here to plot against mo Luo Wutian, but now he was giving Chen Xiaobei a big gift to help him solve his biggest problem.
Wasn’t he digging his own grave?
Even with Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit severely injured, he was still able to plot against mo Luo Wutian. If Chen Xiaobei were to be cured, mo Luo Wutian would definitely be tricked to the point of doubting his life.
“In that case, I’ll have to thank you, ancestor devil!”
Chen Xiaobei finally gave mo Luo Wutian a smile and accepted the world-destroying saint G.o.d pill.
Thinking about it carefully, although the merit laws and luck laws of the ancient desolate land were almost zero, it still seemed to have some influence.
Don’t forget!
Chen Xiaobei had caused chaos in the demonic Army’s front line, which meant that he had stopped the war from happening.
If the Asmodians had no intention to attack, the war would not break out. If the Voodoo race could avoid casualties, the Asmodians could also avoid many deaths.
As the saying goes, saving a life is better than building a seven-story PaG.o.da!
Chen Xiaobei had saved so many lives, he should be given a great public virtue! He should have a great fortune!
Because of that, Chen Xiaobei did not even need to doubt the authenticity of the pill.
For one thing, mo Luo Wutian was still counting on Chen Xiaobei to retrieve the candle Dragon’s body, so he would not hurt Chen Xiaobei.
Secondly, Chen Xiaobei’s karmic luck would also protect him so that he would not be in trouble right after doing a good deed.
“Gulp!”
Chen Xiaobei swallowed the world-destroying saint G.o.d pill without hesitation.
Just like what mo Luo Wu Tian had said, this divine pill was the condensation of the essence of the world-destroying devil essence that the Black Lotus annihilation Scripture had nurtured over a trillion years!
In other words, this pill wasn’t refined from ordinary herbs, but was condensed from the demonic essence of the Black Lotus of destructions.
Therefore, Chen Xiaobei did not need to use his physical body. He could just swallow the pill.
“Whoosh …”
In the next moment, the world destroying saint G.o.d pill started to take effect.
The demonic essence of the Black Lotus of destructions was released, nouris.h.i.+ng Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit like spring Dew.
Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit was like a piece of dry, cracked, and withered land that was moistened by the rain. The dry and cracked land gradually softened and healed.
Because Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit level was very low, he was able to heal very quickly.
In less than five seconds, Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit had fully recovered.
And this was only the beginning.
There was still a lot of demonic essence left in the Black Lotus of destructions, and it continued to be injected into Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit.
Then, Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit began to strengthen.
From the original eight-star heaven immortal realm, he had broken through dozens of major realms and reached the one-star Sage-to-be realm!
This meant that Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit was now comparable to a one-star quasi-Sage!
What kind of concept was this?
Simply put, if Chen Xiaobei was in a life-and-death battle, his physical body, Dharmakaya, and nascent soul could all be destroyed by his opponent!
However, if the enemy wanted to destroy Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit, they would need to have at least the power of a one-star quasi-Sage.
To put it simply, no one below the quasi-Saint level could hurt Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit!
As long as the primordial spirit was not destroyed, even if the rest of the primordial spirit was destroyed, he could rebuild his body and be resurrected on the spot, just like Nezha!
In addition, there was an even greater benefit!
From now on, Chen Xiaobei’s mental power was the same as that of a one-star pre-Saint.
When using all kinds of special abilities below the quasi-Sage level, there was almost no need to worry about the exhaustion of mental power.
When he used quasi-Saint or Saint level abilities, the number of times he could use them would also increase greatly.
If he could get two more world-destroying Saint pills for Emperor Jiang and the candle Dragon, they would be able to use the laws of time and s.p.a.ce to a greater extent. It was a great idea.
Unfortunately …
The pill was made from the essence of the Black Lotus of destructions. Even if Chen Xiaobei had eaten it, he would not be able to make it.
This was because the pill formula was the essence of the Black Lotus of destructions ‘demonic essence.
Without this, there would be no world destroying saint G.o.d pill.
“Phew … This feels good …”
Chen Xiaobei let out a long sigh of relief. He was full of energy, like a completely different person from his previous sickly and dispirited self.
“Remember what you said! If they could not retrieve the candle Dragon’s corpse! I’ll completely extract the demonic essence of the Black Lotus of destructions from your body and then let you die without a burial!”
&Quot you’re courting death! &Quot mo Luo Wutian said coldly. His eyes, which had a demonic cross on them, were as sharp as a sword, and they were fixed on Chen Xiaobei.
Clearly, the sub-ancestor of the demonic world, the so-called brother, the world-destroying Saint pill, were all built on the basis of ‘profit’.
If Chen Xiaobei could help mo Luo Wutian achieve his goal, then all these benefits would be in Chen Xiaobei’s hands.
If Chen Xiaobei failed, he would lose everything and it would become the cruelest form of torture! Tyrannical! And a terrible death.
Benefits!
The eternal theme of the demon race!
Mo Luo Wu Tian only cared about profits and did not care about Chen Xiaobei at all!
“You just wait, I’ll go over now!”
&Quot Oh, right! I also need a token from you. It will make all the demons around the candle Dragon’s corpse obey me! &Quot
“No problem!”
With a flick of his finger, mo Luo Wutian sent an illusory demonic cross seal to Chen Xiaobei.
Chen Xiaobei lifted his hand and the demonic seal melded into his palm. He could summon it with a single thought, just like Jia Lou’s token.
“Wait a moment! I’ll be right back!”
Chen Xiaobei grinned and left.
“Lord ancestor devil!”
At this moment, a demon Sage-to-be with a red flame skeleton asked, ” “Why do you trust Xuan bei so much? With his low cultivation, how could he take down the body of the wizard ancestor?”
“On what basis? That’s a good question!”
Mo Luo Wu Tian slowly closed his eyes and said calmly, ” “First of all, this kid has the potential to become a saint demon. In terms of talent, he can even surpa.s.s my other nine direct disciples! If he grows up, he will definitely become the Star of Hope for our Devil World!”
“Secondly, when this child saw me, he didn’t bow, didn’t fear, and didn’t feel shocked! It could be seen that he had a great backer! A great Foundation! Great ambition! This kind of person had pride in their bones and could not pretend to be one! If he says he can do it, then he can do it!”
“If that’s the case, I’ll have to congratulate Lord ancestor devil!”
&Quot yes! &Quot the devil ancestor quasi-Sage said, ” once Xuan bei gets back the candle Dragon’s corpse, Lord devil ancestor’s plan can continue! &Quot
“Don’t be so happy yet! There’s one last and most important thing that I haven’t said!”
Mo Luo Wutian paused and said in a deep voice, ” &Quot the reason why I believe that Xuan bei can retrieve the ancestral wizard’s body is because I feel that he is another person! &Quot
“Who is it?” The quasi-Sage asked.
&Quot Chen Xiaobei! &Quot The three words that came out of mo Luo Wutian’s mouth were like three thunderclaps that shocked the entire scene.
