Chapter 3746 - 3746 Chapter 3747-annihilating the ancestors
3746 Chapter 3747-annihilating the ancestors
Clearly, Jia Luo was different from Yun fanqing.
Jia Luo was originally a loyal follower of mo Luo Wu Tian. At such a crucial moment, he would naturally choose to stand on mo Luo Wu Tian’s side.
“Chen Xiaobei, you’re really something! He had actually managed to escape with his life from the guide! To be honest, I really admire you!”
Mo Luo Wutian revealed a cold smile and changed the topic, ” “It’s a pity … You’ll still lose to me in the end!”
“The one who has lost is you!” Chen Xiaobei said, ” &Quot I advise you to release fan Qing immediately. Otherwise, I will make you wish you were dead! &Quot
Mo Luo Wutian sneered in disdain and said, ” “Heh, you have the heaven severing with a single thought, and you can hurt my primordial spirit! However, my physical body has already reached the peak of the pre-Saint realm. You can’t even hurt a single hair on my body. What do you have to make me wish I were dead?”
It was obvious that mo Luo Wutian was not exaggerating.
The physical strength of a peak-stage pre-Saint was not something Chen Xiaobei could do.
Simply put, one sentence from mo Luo Wutian could take Yun fanqing’s life, but no matter how hard Chen Xiaobei tried, he would not be able to hurt mo Luo Wutian’s body.
The situation was now extremely disadvantageous to Chen Xiaobei. In fact, everything was still under the control of Molo Wutian.
Because of this, the 27 demonic Saints around him were not afraid of Chen Xiaobei at all. Instead, they began to threaten him.
“Chen Xiaobei! Aren’t you going to kneel down and accept your death? You still don’t have any chance of winning this game! Don’t just stand there!”
“Chen Xiaobei! It’s said that you value relations.h.i.+ps the most! Yun fanqing’s life and death are all in your hands! If you don’t kneel and accept your death, Yun fanqing will be beheaded and suffer endless torture!”
“Everyone, don’t waste your breath on him! In any case, he could not harm Lord ancestor devil! Why don’t we just kill him directly?”
It was obvious that mo Luo Wutian’s physical body was strong. He was standing in an undefeatable place. The crowd did not need to worry about his safety at all.
Therefore, not only did the 27 devil Saints threaten Chen Xiaobei, but they also wanted to attack him.
To them, nothing would happen to mo Luo Wu Tian. As long as they killed Chen Xiaobei, this matter would be perfectly resolved.
Whoosh … Whoosh … Whoosh …
As he spoke, a few of the demonic Saints had already used their celestial core power, ready to attack Chen Xiaobei.
“Everyone! My little life is just a matter of a snap of your fingers to you. It’s not worth mentioning at all! However, if you kill me, you will miss a great opportunity!”
Suddenly, Chen Xiaobei raised his voice and used a very provocative tone to fool the crowd.
Obviously, with Chen Xiaobei’s intelligence, it was impossible for him not to know that mo Luo Wutian’s physical strength was so strong!
The reason why Chen Xiaobei dared to fight with mo Luo Wutian in public was because he already had a plan to deal with it.
&Quot what … What heaven-sent opportunity?! &Quot
The 27 devilish Saints were all interested in what Chen Xiaobei had to say.
After all, in their eyes, killing Chen Xiaobei was a piece of cake, and it was not a big deal to hear what Chen Xiaobei had to say.
If Chen Xiaobei was lying, they could kill him at any time.
However, if what Chen Xiaobei said was true, then they would be able to obtain a great opportunity.
They naturally wouldn’t reject such a sure-win situation.
The demonic Saints retracted their celestial core power and stared at Chen Xiaobei.
Even mo Luo Wutian was looking at Chen Xiaobei with interest, wondering what kind of brilliant theory Chen Xiaobei would come up with.
However, never in his wildest dreams would he have thought that Chen Xiaobei’s next words would instantly turn the blame on him.
“All of you are pre-sages of the devil ancestor, and you are on the same level as Wutian! Yet, he had suppressed it for trillions of years! Are you really willing to accept this?”
Chen Xiaobei raised his eyebrows and said, ” “At this very moment, mo Luo Wu Tian has already lost his ability to fight! If all of you take action now and kill Wutian! Then, the entire demon world will become your territory! All of mo Luo Wu Tian’s treasures and trump cards will also be obtained by everyone! Wouldn’t that be wonderful?”
When Chen Xiaobei was given the t.i.tle of the demonic world’s sub-ancestor, he could tell that the 27 devil Saints were all envious of him.
One could imagine that at the level and height of the twenty-seven devil Saints, who didn’t have hidden ambitions? Who didn’t want to stand at the peak and control all living beings? Who would be willing to submit to others?
Moreover, these were all demons! It was in their bones that they had a persistent greed for benefits!
In the face of benefits, the mo might not recognize their own family and turn against them mercilessly!
And at this moment!
Just as Chen Xiaobei had said, as long as they could kill Molo Wutian, the 27 demonic Saints would be able to stand at the top of the demonic race. They would be able to obtain all the power, treasures, and resources that Molo Wutian had. They would also be able to control all living beings in the demonic realm!
Even though there might be a huge battle between these 27 people.
However, at least they could get the only chance to reach the top of the demon world!
If mo Luo Wutian was still alive, they would never have had such an opportunity! He could only obey mo Luo Wutian for the rest of his life!
He might even be sent out by mo Luo Wu Tian in this immeasurable catastrophe and die in the hands of some Almighty in the heaven realm. He would die with hatred and can not rest in peace!
The measureless cataclysm was the number one killing calamity of the heavenly Dao!
The cultivation tribulation was coming, and ju liusun had secretly betrayed the clan of enlightenment.
Even the Jade Emperor had told Chen Xiaobei that in the cultivation tribulation, a good bird would choose a good tree to live in.
Clearly, in the face of the immeasurable catastrophe, only survival and benefits were the most important things!
As for loyalty, almost no one would defend it!
“This … This …”
All of a sudden, the 27 devil Saints were moved by Chen Xiaobei’s words.
One by one, they looked at each other, their flickering eyes betraying their restless ambitions.
“Everyone! Don’t listen to Chen Xiaobei’s nonsense!”
Looking at the scene in front of him, mo Luo Wutian immediately panicked and roared, ” “Chen Xiaobei is full of tricks! He’s bluffing you now and using you as a weapon! After killing me, he will definitely have other ways to deal with you! Don’t fall for it! If the lips are gone, the teeth will be cold! If I die, you won’t have a good ending!”
It was obvious that what mo Luo Wutian said made sense.
However, in the face of immense benefits, these words were weak and could not convince anyone.
“Lord ancestor devil! You can rest in peace!”
An old devil Saint who seemed to have the highest cultivation and seniority walked out slowly and said with a hideous smile, ” “After we kill you, we will immediately kill Chen Xiaobei! Even if he has a trillion tricks up his sleeve, he won’t be able to threaten us! Lord fiend ancestor did not need to worry about the future! Hmph, Hmph, Hmph …”
