Chapter 3774 - 3774 Chapter 3775-Wushuang
3774 Chapter 3775-Wushuang
“Whoosh …”
The blood essence and divine marrow from the kun Peng Holy Meridian pill began to merge perfectly with Chen Xiaobei’s witch Dragon bloodline, and a new bloodline was formed!
The terrifying spiritual fluctuation slowly subsided, and the blood rejection that might have caused Chen Xiaobei’s body to explode also stopped.
Everything became very quiet, like two bowls of water mixing together. Not only did they not repel each other, but they also merged perfectly!
This way, there would be no flaws or shortcomings!
In fact, it might even produce an effect of one plus one greater than two!
&Quot this … This … How is this possible?! &Quot
Purple ROC Saint master was dumbfounded by what he saw. He said, ” “The bloodline rejection has subsided … This … This is a sign of a successful derivation! How could it be so smooth?”
The reason why the purple ROC Saint was loved by the kun Peng demon master was …
One reason was that purple ROC Saint venerable’s bloodline was the highest grade among all the disciples.
Secondly, it was because the giant Roc and the kun Peng were related. It could even be said that they were blood-related.
The purple ROC Saint had the blood of the purple ROC, the same bloodline as the kun Peng. Even he could not guarantee that he could successfully merge with the blood on his first try. But now, Chen Xiaobei had succeeded, and it seemed like there was no resistance at all!
This was simply unbelievable!
Purple ROC Saint master was stunned.
Suddenly, the image of Chen Xiaobei in Saint purple ROC’s heart rose by countless times!
The more he looked at Chen Xiaobei, the more he felt that Chen Xiaobei was like an unfathomable black hole. He could never see through Chen Xiaobei’s power.
“It must be related to that blood-red swastika!”
Purple ROC Saint master wasn’t stupid. He could faintly feel a Saint-level aura from the blood-red swastika.
Of course, since Chen Xiaobei did not explain, purple ROC Saint did not dare to ask.
To the purple ROC Saint, Chen Xiaobei’s success was the success of his bet. The deeper Chen Xiaobei’s Foundation was, the more valuable his bet would be.
Therefore, there was no need to ask, just focus on looking, listening, and thinking!
Saint purple ROC calmed himself down and stood aside, waiting for Chen Xiaobei to complete the final step.
“Whoosh …”
Suddenly, Chen Xiaobei’s practicing body left his body again.
This time, it was no longer the purple-gold dragon body!
The Dragon scales were still there, but the wings of a ROC and the fins of a giant kun had appeared!
As for the ROC wings and kun fins, they were also purple-gold in color, as if they were made of purple gold. They emitted a sharp l.u.s.ter that was unique to metal. They were very handsome and very special!
On top of that, Chen Xiaobei’s avatar was still in its human form and did not fully reveal its demonic form. So, his Pengornis fins were more restrained, making him look like he was wearing a purple-gold dragon scale armor with four purple-gold Wings on his back. He looked majestic and cool!
Of course, if Chen Xiaobei burned a large amount of his lifespan to activate the special ability of his new bloodline, he could transform into his original demonic form!
At that time, the body of the Phoenix Dragon could cover the heavens! The wings of the Dragon ROC could cross the nine Heavens and the Milky Way!
What kind of magnificent power would that be?
Just thinking about it was enough to make one fascinated! Infinite antic.i.p.ation!
&Quot what … What … What kind of bloodline is this?! &Quot
Purple ROC Saint venerable was stunned on the spot as if he had discovered a new continent. His pupils shrank, his scalp went numb, and he couldn’t help but s.h.i.+ver!
It was obvious that the bloodline that appeared in Chen Xiaobei’s body was the only one in the entire universe!
Saint purple ROC had never seen or heard of anything like this before. He was so shocked that he couldn’t even describe it.
“Unparalleled demonic Saint bloodline!”
Chen Xiaobei raised his eyebrows and gave his new bloodline a cool and cool name.
“Wushuang? Demon … Demonic Sage?”
Purple ROC Saint master was a little stunned and couldn’t help but s.h.i.+ver. He couldn’t believe it, ” &Quot the grade of this bloodline … Could it have reached the sacred level?! &Quot
“That’s right! It’s the Saint level!”
Chen Xiaobei grinned and said calmly, ” &Quot this fusion not only involves the witch Dragon bloodline and the kun Peng bloodline, but also a portion of the essence blood! &Quot
“Receive? Blood essence?”
&Quot what?! &Quot purple ROC Saint venerable was stunned. &Quot you mean, the new bloodline is actually three-in-one?! &Quot
“That’s right!”
Chen Xiaobei’s brows twitched, and each of the purple-gold dragon scales on his body glowed with a blood-red swastika.
With thousands of dragon scales, there were thousands of blood-colored Buddha seals. Within the purple-gold spiritual light, there was also a purple-gold blood-red light flas.h.i.+ng. It was very strange, but at the same time, it was very domineering.
This new bloodline was enough to suppress the purple ROC Saint by countless times. Even the bloodline of the demon master kun Peng could not be compared to it.
Chen Xiaobei’s plan could be further developed.
&Quot the demonic tribe values the status of bloodlines the most. The demonic master kun Peng has always wanted to take in a demonic disciple with a sacred level bloodline. Now that G.o.d Chen has a sacred level bloodline, I will definitely be able to meet the demonic master! &Quot
Purple ROC Saint bowed and congratulated Chen Xiaobei with a smile.
“Do I need you to tell me that?”
Chen Xiaobei looked at purple ROC and said, ” “Now, the first thing we need to do is to find a way to deal with your eldest senior brother! That d.a.m.ned traitor, I’ll make sure he dies a horrible death!”
&Quot this … &Quot purple ROC Saint venerable swallowed his saliva and said awkwardly, ” &Quot I can’t do anything about that … Eldest senior brother’s cultivation is extremely high, and his magical treasures are extremely powerful. He also has some special life-saving trump cards … &Quot
“Ha, I’m not expecting you to give me any suggestions.” Chen Xiaobei said in disdain.
“So, G.o.d Chen, do you have any plans for yourself?” Purple ROC Saint master asked curiously.
“My plan is to take a gamble!”
Chen Xiaobei then took out three Jade Qilin divine origin pills and said, ” &Quot if I have enough lifespan, I might be able to use my new Esper ability and fight that d.a.m.n traitor head-on! &Quot
&Quot lifespan!? &Quot Purple ROC Saint venerable swallowed his saliva and said in shock, ” “G.o.d Chen, the only reason why I was able to survive under the guidance of the guide was also because I burned my lifespan?”
“No…”
Chen Xiaobei smiled but did not say anything. It was the humanity mark that blocked the receiving power. The burning of his lifespan was to activate the witch Dragon’s nine transformation!
Of course, at this moment, this special ability could no longer be called the witch Dragon’s nine transformation.
It should be renamed to the nine transformations of demon saint!
A more powerful special ability and a greater consumption of his lifespan in exchange for Chen Xiaobei’s ability to reach a higher pseudo-realm, to kill the traitors and avenge the Jie sect!
Of course!
The premise of all this was that he had enough lifespan!
To put it simply, he wanted to see how many levels Chen Xiaobei could break through with these three Jade Qilin divine origin pills. How much longer?
