Chapter 3720 - 3720 Dark green eyes
3720 Dark green eyes
“Whoos.h.!.+ Crack …”
With such a huge difference in power, there was no possibility of resistance at all.
That unlucky demon race youth was directly bitten in half by the green-eyed pangolin! Flesh, blood, bones, internal organs, and even primordial spirit were all eaten into the stomach!
Crack … Crack …
With a second bite, the green-eyed pangolin devoured a living person completely.
“Run! Escape inside! If I can catch up to the three heavenly demonic G.o.ds ahead, I can still be saved!”
Seeing this, everyone lost their will to fight. They didn’t dare to fight the green-eyed pangolin head-on.
Their retreat had been blocked, so they could only brace themselves and rush deeper into the ruins.
“All of you stop! Do you think that you can be faster than it?”
But at this moment, Jia Lou stood up and took out the silver longbow on his back. His beautiful light purple eyes were like a laser scope, instantly locking onto one of the green-eyed pangolin’s eyes.
“Who are you? A mere five-star heaven immortal wanted to fight against that demonic beast? Are you daydreaming?”
The surrounding people looked at Jia Lou with disdain.
However, very quickly, someone discovered the mystery and screamed in surprise, ” “Look! The longbow in her hand had also reached the nine-Star Mystic immortal realm! Maybe we’ll have a chance to defeat that demonic beast!”
Everyone was shocked.
Especially those who had just ridiculed Jia Lou, at this moment, they all showed a look of shame and fear.
They were ashamed because they had underestimated Jia Lou.
What they were afraid of was that Jia Lou’s Foundation was unfathomable, and he must be hiding an extremely high ident.i.ty and status.
Of course, Jia Luo didn’t have the time to argue with them. He shouted, ” “Don’t just stare! Take out your life-saving talismans and help me stabilize that demonic beast!”
It was obvious that the longbow in Jia Luo’s hand had been strengthened by mo Luo Wu Tian and had become a nine-star Xuan immortal weapon. However, demonic beasts were born with natural talent. The green-eyed pangolin’s speed should be faster than an arrow from a longbow!
Because of this, Jia Lou couldn’t win by himself. He had to work together with the others to tie down the green-eyed mountain pangolin first, then he could release his arrows.
“I understand … I understand …”
With Jia Luo as their backbone, these demon youths instantly calmed down and took out their magic weapons as quickly as possible.
The young men present were all n.o.bles of the devil World. Although their cultivation was not high, the magical treasures in their hands were of high grade.
All of them were at least Seven Star Mystic immortal artifacts, and there were a total of 43 of them.
In fact, Yuan she Sha had another nine-Star Mystic immortal weapon.
“We’re in for it now!”
Everyone heaved a sigh of relief.
“Gululu … Gululu …”
At the same time, the green-eyed pangolin seemed to have sensed the danger. It did not continue to attack. Instead, it lay on the ground and let out a series of strange sounds.
“Listen to my command! Let’s attack together!”
Jia Luo shouted and held his bow tightly.
He activated his power and a purple flaming arrow was formed on the longbow. He aimed it at the green-eyed pangolin’s right eye!
“Boom boom boom … Boom boom boom …”
At the same time, the forty-three Dharma Treasures in the surroundings activated their power and crushed down on the green-eyed pangolin like a storm.
Among them, Yuan she Sha’s magic treasure was the most powerful. It was like a fierce Golden Tiger that charged at the front! The green-eyed pangolin was about to be torn into pieces!
&Quot boom boom boom!!! &Quot
With a loud explosion, the Golden Tiger suddenly struck the green-eyed pangolin’s head.
“Swis.h.!.+”
However, at this moment, the green-eyed pangolin’s huge body suddenly jumped up and hung upside down on the ceiling of the cave!
As expected!
A nine-star demonic beast’s physical talent had given it a certain boost in strength. Therefore, it was almost impossible for a force of the same level to hurt it!
Yuanshe Sha’s Golden Tiger Power missed and created a terrifying abyss on the ground. It was as if the mountain had been torn apart. This result was extremely shocking. Unfortunately, it was of no f * cking use. Not even a single hair on the green-eyed pangolin was harmed!
Fortunately, this was only the beginning!
“Boom boom boom boom boom boom …”
In the next moment, the remaining 40-odd streaks of energy interweaved into an inescapable net and enveloped the green-eyed pangolin.
The amount of power was huge, but the strength was not strong. If the gap between them was more than one major realm, it would be impossible to hurt the green-eyed pangolin. However, it was enough as long as it could trap the green-eyed pangolin!
Even if it could only trap him for a moment!
&Quot Whoos.h.!.+ &Quot
At this moment, Jia Lou suddenly shot an arrow!
The arrow that was burning with purple flames shot towards the green-eyed pangolin’s right eye with lightning speed.
To Jia Lou, the eye was as big as a lantern and was an easy target to hit. At the same time, it should be the green-eyed pangolin’s weakest spot.
“Swis.h.!.+”
The result was indeed not disappointing!
Just as the dozens of Zhen Yuan temporarily trapped the green-eyed pangolin, Jia Luo’s arrow had already arrived!
Furthermore, it hit right in the middle of the green-eyed pangolin’s eye!
“Swish …”
The power of this arrow was extremely strong. It suddenly pierced through the green-eyed pangolin’s eye and pierced deep into its flesh. It crushed its muscles, broke its bones, and injured its internal organs. In the end, it directly injured its magical body.
After all, it was an attack of the same cultivation level. This arrow had basically crippled the green-eyed pangolin’s physical body, but it had not killed its primordial spirit!
“Whoos.h.!.+”
The green-eyed pangolin’s magical body left its body with its primordial spirit, trying to escape from the scene.
“You want to run? Stop dreaming!”
Yuanshe Sha roared in anger and activated the power of his magic treasure again.
The biggest advantage of demonic beasts was their physical talent.
At this moment, the green-eyed pangolin had lost its physical body, and its magical body had suffered some injuries. It was impossible for it to compete with a magical treasure of the same level!
“Boom boom boom …”
The second Golden Tiger Dharma form caught up with the green-eyed pangolin’s dharma body and forcefully shattered it. Then, it completely crushed the green-eyed pangolin’s primordial spirit, not giving it any chance of survival!
“Phew … I succeeded …”
Everyone heaved a sigh of relief when they saw this.
After joining hands to defeat the strong enemy, everyone naturally praised Jia Luo. Even Yuan she Sha, who had dealt the last blow, was regarded as a hero and received a lot of praise.
But!
At this moment!
Just when everyone was at their most relaxed and let down their guard, a strange change occurred!
“Bang! Bang!”
Without any warning, the green-eyed pangolin’s huge, dark green eyes suddenly burst open, spraying out a large amount of dark green venom!
Everyone was completely caught off guard and was directly splashed all over!
