Chapter 3736 - 3736 Chapter 3737-harvest
3736 Chapter 3737-harvest
Chen Xiaobei’s a.n.a.lysis was correct.
The demonic tribe had spent so much effort to find the candle Dragon’s body, but it was all for Chen Xiaobei.
Once Chen Xiaobei brought the candle Dragon there, he would be able to collect the second body of the witch.
Of course, after losing Emperor Jiang’s corpse, the demons would definitely guard it strictly.
He did not hear any movement from the heaven fiend demon Emperor in the core military camp today.
Obviously, this high-level black demonic G.o.d must be guarding the candle Dragon’s corpse day and night. He would not allow anything to go wrong.
It would not be an easy task for Chen Xiaobei to get away from the tiansha demon Emperor.
However, no matter what, he had to get there first before thinking of a way.
After all, Chen Xiaobei’s biggest advantage was the candle Dragon!
If that did not work, Chen Xiaobei could take his time to think of a way. After all, the demonic race would not succeed in the short term.
“Right now, there’s a bigger problem! I’m very lacking in spiritual energy!”
&Quot I’ve already used the night G.o.d dark spirit set five times. I can use it five more times before I run out of spiritual Qi! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said. I’ve absorbed a lot of spiritual energy from the chaos Blood Sword, but as its level increased, I can’t even activate its power once!”
“There’s also the spirit storage bag given by Liu er, which is almost out of spiritual Qi. There will definitely be many wars in the future, and my primordial spirit can’t activate its special ability at will. If I don’t have enough spiritual Qi, the danger will multiply!”
“And more importantly, I have just subdued ninety thousand ancient sorcerer Yin soldiers. If they are fed with sufficient spiritual energy, they can easily devour three-star divine realm experts! However, without spiritual Qi, their power will be exhausted, and their combat power will plummet!”
It was obvious that Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit was severely injured, and he could not use his powerful special ability at will. The only thing he could rely on was the other trump cards in his hands.
And to activate these trump cards, a huge amount of spiritual energy must be consumed!
With the spiritual energy, the road ahead would be smoother! Without spiritual energy, it would be difficult to move forward!
This had already become the biggest problem! He needed to solve this as soon as possible!
But!
This was also the most difficult problem to solve!
Everyone was speechless. They could not help Chen Xiaobei solve the problem.
“Young master Xuan bei!”
However, at this moment, the h.e.l.lhound, who had the lowest presence, suddenly opened its mouth and said, ” “I do have a way to provide you with a huge amount of spiritual energy! However, there may be a certain degree of danger. I wonder if you dare to give it a try?”
“Speak!”
Chen Xiaobei raised his eyebrows in excitement.
In Chen Xiaobei’s dictionary, there was no such thing as not daring.
“This is the core military camp of the demon race! It’s also where the core Treasury is!”
“All the supplies of the billions of troops at the demon Front line are stored here!” The h.e.l.lhound said. As far as I know, there are three quadrillion pieces of lower-grade spiritual Jade stored here. It’s the salary for the frontline Army next month! “In addition, we have huge reserves of pills, weapons, equipment, and rations!”
“Good! This is great!”
Chen Xiaobei was excited. &Quot “As long as I can destroy this core Treasury, not only will I be able to obtain sufficient spiritual energy and resources, but I will also be able to further destroy the morale of the demon Army! Without any benefits, the demon soldiers will not continue to fight, and they might even start a rebellion, fighting their own people!”
The belief of the demon race was not on anyone, but on tangible benefits!
Without pay and provisions, the demons naturally wouldn’t continue to fight with their lives on the line. This way, the war between the two races could basically be declared over.
A weapon that did not shed blood and could subdue others without fighting!
This was the highest level of war! Killing the least evil, the greatest merit, it was good for both races!
&Quot Lord ancestral Saint is truly the Savior of the 81 heavens of the primordial era! &Quot
At this point, the Chieftains of the flame scars tribe and Xuan Yu tribe were naturally very excited. &Quot &Quot the moment the Holy ancestor made his move, he immediately turned the tide and completely changed the situation. He saved all of our descendants! &Quot
The two chieftains were in awe of Chen Xiaobei. They regarded Chen Xiaobei as their highest faith and wors.h.i.+pped him with all their heart!
“Alright, you guys rest well. I’ll take action immediately!” Chen Xiaobei was swift and decisive.
He took out the Super prosperous monkey fur, turned himself and the h.e.l.lhound into tiny flying insects, and left the Meru s.p.a.ce.
Without a second’s delay, he would take the demon’s life while it was sick!
At this moment.
The entire core military camp was still in chaos. Everyone was desperately trying to find the whereabouts of the two chieftains. At the same time, everyone was suspected of being spies, so they couldn’t stop for a while.
This chaos gave Chen Xiaobei the perfect opportunity to take action.
Under the h.e.l.lhound’s lead, Chen Xiaobei arrived at the demonic tribe’s core Treasury.
Although it was called a treasure vault, it was in fact a storage bracelet.
In order to prevent anyone from embezzling the Army’s resources, this storage bracelet was placed in a treasure chest in the core tent.
The higher-ups of the demon race had meetings every day and could see this treasure chest with their own eyes.
Moreover, many people had to be present at the same time to open the treasure chest.
The benefit of this was that none of the demon higher-ups could embezzle in private.
More importantly, the treasure chest had always been under the eyes of the higher-ups of the demon race, and no one could steal it.
However, even if the higher-ups of the demon race had a hundred million more brains, they would never have imagined that the person behind the scenes who had rescued the two great chieftains actually didn’t escape from the military camp. Instead, he had ruthlessly returned to kill them!
Chen Xiaobei and the h.e.l.lhound were shrouded in the purple gas. They hid in the gap at the top of the tent in the dark.
After patiently waiting for nearly three hours, they finally found an empty tent.
There was a high-level demon guarding the tent, but he seemed to be a little annoyed. He walked out of the tent and took a breath of fresh air.
Such a short period of time was extremely short to others.
But to Chen Xiaobei, it was enough!
He rushed down, released the waiter, bit open the lock of the treasure chest, took the storage bracelet inside, and then quickly retreated!
The entire process took less than five seconds!
The main point was that Xiao ‘er had bitten off the lock catch from the inside. After closing the lid, the treasure chest looked as good as it had been.
Even if the upper echelons of the demon race returned, they wouldn’t immediately discover that the storage bracelet had been stolen.
By the time they realized it, Chen Xiaobei was already tens of millions of miles away in the North.
……
The next morning, jialuo, Yun fanqing, and Chen Xiaobei headed north.
Of course, Chen Xiaobei did not rest at all the night before. He did not waste a single second counting his gains and arranging his plans.
He had to admit that the harvest this time was really incomparably huge!
