Chapter 3738 - 3738 Chapter 3739-not paying respects
3738 Chapter 3739-not paying respects
Below the slope was a boundless yellow wasteland.
In the middle of the wasteland, there was a huge s.p.a.ce crack that looked like a Python’s vertical eye.
A dark golden light flickered on the edge, flickering and rotating as if a giant python was blinking.
That’s right!
This spatial crack was the spatial pa.s.sage that connected the devil realm and the ancient desolate land.
Even now, there was still an unending stream of demon soldiers walking out. The number of heads was uncountable, and they were boundless!
One could see that the demon race was determined to take down the ancient desolate land.
Therefore, they kept sending people over. After the war was over, the demons would take root in the ancient desolate land and turn it into another base for the demons.
Of course!
Now that Chen Xiaobei was here, the demons ‘plan would be ruined.
&Quot Xuan bei, you wait outside. We’ll go and meet devil ancestor Wutian first. You can only enter after he summons you! &Quot
Jia Luo gave his instructions and flew directly to the huge spatial crack with Yun fanqing.
Things naturally went very smoothly.
First of all, Chen Xiaobei had the looks of a Saint demon, and was the talent that mo Luo Wutian had his eyes on.
Moreover, Chen Xiaobei had obtained Chiyou’s body, which was the greatest contribution to the demonic race. There was no reason for mo Luo Wutian not to meet Chen Xiaobei.
Soon, Yun fanqing flew back and brought Chen Xiaobei there.
“You’re really special …” He said.
Yun fanqing did not fly fast, as if she had something to tell Chen Xiaobei. &Quot “When other people pay their respects to The Fiend ancestor for the first time, they will definitely be trembling with fear as if they are walking on thin ice! But you’re the only one who’s always been calm and composed!”
“Maybe it’s because his heart is bigger.” Chen Xiaobei smiled.
It was normal for others to be afraid of mo Luo Wutian.
But who was Chen Xiaobei? That was the number one profiteer of the Three Realms that struck fear in the hearts of everyone!
No matter how high the status of mo Luo Wu Tian was! No matter how strong his cultivation was! She had been tricked by Chen Xiaobei and even gave him the world-ending sacred marrow for nothing!
After so many battles, why would Chen Xiaobei be afraid of mo Luo Wutian?
“You’d better be careful!”
Yun fanqing reminded him,’the devil ancestor is, after all, the Supreme mastermind of the devil World. You can’t offend him in the slightest in front of your subordinate! Don’t be too relaxed. If you’re not careful, no matter how great your contribution is, you may be sentenced to death!”
“I understand. I won’t offend him in the slightest!” Chen Xiaobei smiled.
He secretly added in his heart, I will only deal with him until he is dead!
“It’s good that you understand!”
Yun fanqing did not know what Chen Xiaobei was thinking and said, ” &Quot as long as you obey The Fiend ancestor, you will naturally receive generous rewards, as well as an extraordinary status and glory! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei just smiled.
Soon, the two of them entered the huge spatial crack.
Chen Xiaobei was very familiar with spatial rifts. Once he entered one, there would be a turbulent flow of s.p.a.ce. Then, he would be dragged uncontrollably into an unknown spatial Rift and returned to the normal dimension.
But! This time, it was completely different!
There was no spatial turbulence in this huge spatial crack.
The surroundings were like a dazzling starry sky in the universe. In the darkness, there were bright Starlight s.h.i.+ning. It was gorgeous and gorgeous, like a dream.
Further in, they could see a huge dark gold array.
The formation was extremely complicated, and every rune was extremely detailed. Even with Chen Xiaobei’s scholar heart, he still needed to observe it for a long time before he could see through a complete rune.
One could imagine that the level of this formation was extraordinary.
Obviously!
This array was the key to suppressing the entire s.p.a.ce tunnel!
It was this formation that broke the laws of s.p.a.ce in the immortal world, tore open a spatial crack, and suppressed all the spatial turbulence in the pa.s.sage. It was because of this that the vast Army of the demon race could arrive in the ancient desolate land safely!
One could only imagine how important this array was!
Of course, even people who didn’t understand seal scripts could tell the extraordinary meaning of this array!
Because the 27 key points of the array were being suppressed by all the 27 sages-to-be in the demon world!
Although they were in human form, the demonic Qi that they emitted turned into all kinds of terrifying demonic images.
Even Chen Xiaobei’s state of mind trembled. He had to hold his breath in order to stay calm.
And at the core of the array!
A handsome young man with long black hair was sitting there!
His eyes were slightly closed, as if he was resting in silence.
In the middle of his brows, a dark golden cross-shaped demonic seal flickered and emitted an ancient and profound aura. It was as if it had been washed by the river of time for trillions of years and had gone through the vicissitudes of life. It carried the wind and thunder of the universe and contained great power! Great fortune! Great divine power!
Behind him, there was no Dharma laksana of a demon, nor was there any terrifying pressure. His entire person was very quiet, even out of tune with his surroundings.
If not for the fact that he was in an extremely special position, no one would have thought of him.
He was the Supreme ruler of the entire Devil World!
The new demon ancestor!
Mo Luo Wu Tian!
“Lord ancestor devil, I have brought Xuan bei.”
Yun fanqing immediately reported. Even though she had not completely fallen into the demonic state, she had to submit to mo Luo Wutian in order to avenge Chen Xiaobei.
However, Chen Xiaobei stood where he was, showing no intention of bowing.
All of a sudden, the 27 pre-Saints all looked over! He was looking down at Chen Xiaobei with a condescending att.i.tude!
Their sharp gazes seemed to be able to pierce through Chen Xiaobei’s body!
However, at this moment, mo Luo Wutian did not open his eyes. He only calmly said, ” &Quot Xuan bei, you’ve done well. From today onwards, you’re my 10th personal disciple! &Quot
He did not even look at Chen Xiaobei, let alone mention any reward.
It was obvious that mo Luo Wutian was extremely arrogant. In fact, he was extremely arrogant! He did not even take Chen Xiaobei seriously.
He had just given Chen Xiaobei the t.i.tle of a personal disciple, and he was not even sure if he would teach Chen Xiaobei in the future.
Of course, Chen Xiaobei did not bow to him. This had clearly touched the absolute authority of mo Luo Wu Tian.
“Xuan bei! Why aren’t you kneeling down and thanking your master? What are you waiting for?”
Jia Luo was not far away, his brows were tightly knitted, his tone extremely serious as he reminded.
Mo Luo Wutian could not bring himself to say that Chen Xiaobei did not bow to him in the beginning. But since he had accepted Chen Xiaobei as his disciple, Chen Xiaobei had no reason not to bow to him.
This was equivalent to mo Luo Wutian finding a way out for himself.
Otherwise, where would he put his face if the Grand fiend ancestor was rudely looked down upon?
“I won’t!”
However, Chen Xiaobei clearly rejected her!
Everyone was shocked by his words!
