Chapter 3775 - 3775 Chapter 3776-skyrocketing
3775 Chapter 3776-skyrocketing
Whoosh … Whoosh … Whoosh …
Chen Xiaobei took the first Jade Kylin divine origin pill, and then, his body exploded with an unimaginable amount of celestial core power.
Before this, Chen Xiaobei had eaten the blood Bodhi spirit fruit and the black gold water Kirin’s bone marrow. Both of them had greatly improved his cultivation.
However, even if the first two were combined, the spiritual fluctuation would not be one percent of the current spiritual fluctuation.
&Quot that … That’s the Jade Qilin divine origin pill!? &Quot
At the side, purple ROC Saint master was drooling, ” “This is an extremely rare quasi-Sage level pill! As far as I know, it’s made from the blood essence of the Jade Kylin Saint!”
“For cultivators who want to reach the peak of the immortal Dao, it’s a big taboo to improve their cultivation through medicinal pills! This was because doing so would leave behind a flaw in one’s cultivation base, preventing one from building a perfect Foundation. After cultivating to a certain level, one would no longer be able to continue improving! There’s even a possibility of Qi deviation and his cultivation being crippled!”
“But! The Qilin’s entire body was a treasure, and it was an item that gathered the essence of the spiritual energy of heaven and earth! It’s all natural and uncontaminated. Furthermore, it’s extremely beneficial to one’s cultivation!”
&Quot in other words, using the Qilin’s treasure to raise one’s cultivation will not create any flaws or defects. It can guarantee the perfection of one’s Foundation! &Quot zhang xuan said.
Purple ROC Saint venerable was both envious and jealous as he calculated.
One must know that the Jade Kylin divine origin pill was a three-star pre-Saint, and even if purple ROC Saint master ate it, it would have a great effect.
As expected, Chen Xiaobei’s cultivation began to soar.
Eight-star heaven immortal realm, intermediate stage, late stage, peak, breakthrough!
One-star Mystic immortal, early stage, middle stage, late stage, peak, breakthrough!
Two-star Mystic immortal …
Three-star Mystic immortal …
Four star Mystic immortal …
He had broken through to the early stage of five-star Mystic immortal!
With just one pill, Chen Xiaobei had broken through twenty small realms. The effect was simply unbelievable!
Chen Xiaobei did not stop there and continued to consume the second Jade Qilin divine origin pill.
Five-star Mystic immortal, intermediate stage, advanced stage, peak, breakthrough!
Six-Star Mystic immortal …
Seven Star Mystic immortal …
He had broken through to the early stage of eight-Star Mystic immortal!
This second medicinal pill raised a full twelve minor realms.
It could be seen that as one’s cultivation level increased, the effect of the medicinal pill would gradually weaken.
Of course, for Chen Xiaobei, the higher his cultivation was, the better it would be. So, he took the third pill!
Eight-Star Mystic immortal, intermediate stage, advanced stage, peak, breakthrough!
Nine-Star Mystic immortal, early stage, middle stage, late stage, peak, breakthrough!
The third pill had only raised Chen Xiaobei’s cultivation level by seven small realms.
Of course, this result was already very shocking. Chen Xiaobei’s mood had already exploded with joy.
“A total of thirty-nine minor realm breakthroughs! This … This is too terrifying …”
Even though Chen Xiaobei’s state of mind was strong, he could not help but be shocked by the outcome.
“It’s a pity that my netherspirit battlescouter is not powerful enough to check my current combat strength and lifespan …”
Chen Xiaobei was very curious about the final result, but his netherspirit battlescouter could not be upgraded in a short period of time. He could only wait until he contacted Hades to find a chance to upgrade it.
However, at this moment, purple ROC Saint master ran over.
“G.o.d Chen!”
“There’s a treasure in my vault called: The effect of the netherworld Yama’s Mark is similar to the netherspirit battlescouter, but it has already reached the level of a one star Mystic Divine rank. If you don’t mind, you can take it out and use it first!”
“What do you mean by your Treasury? It’s mine now!” Chen Xiaobei smiled and started to search carefully.
He had to admit that there were a lot of things in purple ROC saint’s treasure vault, and they were all of very high level, so high that Chen Xiaobei did not even want to use them to refine.
The netherworld Yama’s Mark was one of the many treasures.
Chen Xiaobei took it out and checked it carefully. After making sure that there were no problems, he put the mark into his left eye.
Just like the netherspirit battlescouter, the related information was immediately displayed.
[ ding Yingying’s cultivation base: nine-Star Mystic immortal peak stage. Lifespan: 11.950.27 billion years, physique: 3 million trillion, combat power: Saint level!
&Quot f * ck!!! &Quot
Even though Chen Xiaobei was already mentally prepared for this, he was still shocked when he saw the results.
“My lifespan has increased by 10.3 billion years! His combat strength and physical strength had increased by over a hundred times! What the f * ck! This is simply awesome!”
Chen Xiaobei was ecstatic. It had been a long time since he had been so ecstatic.
If he could obtain more Qilin treasures, his cultivation would continue to soar. That would be the best thing.
Of course, Chen Xiaobei already had a lead.
Yunyi immortal Palace!
Previously, the black gold water Kirin bone marrow he had obtained had appeared in a treasure chest related to the Yunyi Celestial Palace.
More importantly, Chen Xiaobei had become the legitimate successor of the Yunyi Celestial Palace.
Once he was done with the things at hand, Chen Xiaobei could go to the Yunyi Celestial Palace. By then, his cultivation would soar again.
“Phew …”
Chen Xiaobei calmed himself down and started to plan.
“With my current lifespan, I should be able to fight with that d.a.m.ned long-eared setting light immortal! However, if someone else interferes, I won’t have any other moves!”
&Quot therefore, I have to eliminate all the threats first before dealing with that d.a.m.ned rabbit! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei then left the verdant Emperor’s divine gourd with purple ROC Saint.
He returned to the real world.
Saint Yu Lin and dugu zang Xian were both shocked by Chen Xiaobei’s improvement.
When they saw Chen Xiaobei’s unparalleled demonic Saint celestial body, they broke out in cold sweat.
A Dragon! Buzzzzzz! Peng! The three combined to form a purple-gold phenomenon!
Such a bloodline was unique in all the worlds! He was definitely worthy of the word ‘unparalleled’!
Now that things had come to this, the Jade Qilin Saint once again looked at Chen Xiaobei in a new light.
Chen Xiaobei had also noticed the change in Yu Lin saint’s att.i.tude, so he decided to have a showdown with Yu Lin Saint.
“Old man! You may know that I didn’t come here just to see kun Peng!” &Quot no! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said, ” my real purpose is to stop him from becoming a saint! &Quot
“What?”
The Jade Kylin Saint was shocked. He looked at Chen Xiaobei, thinking that Chen Xiaobei was crazy.
However, when they looked at the purple ROC Saint, it was obvious that he had already agreed to Chen Xiaobei’s plan and was following him obediently.
All of a sudden, Saint Jade Kylin was caught in a huge dilemma.
&Quot by the way, old man, there’s one more thing I forgot to tell you! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei calmed himself down and said seriously, ” &Quot my real ident.i.ty is Chen Xiaobei of the Jie sect! &Quot
