Chapter 3794 - 3794 Chapter 3795-surprise
3794 Chapter 3795-surprise
“Why not?”
Chen Xiaobei was surprised. &Quot &Quot Yang Jian is the G.o.d of War of the heavenly court and a disciple of the clan of enlightenment. He will not let me go if I don’t fight him! &Quot
“Trust me!”
“I can help Erlang immortal leave the clan of enlightenment and become Xiaobei’s brother!”
&Quot how … How is this possible?! &Quot Chen Xiaobei could not believe his ears.
“It’s true!”
The celestial Hound said,”my Erlang immortal master brought me up very well. It was very easy!” More importantly, he’s just like you, bro bei. He’s a very filial and honest man!”
“Sincere and filial? Yang Jing?” Chen Xiaobei was confused.
“Bro bei, don’t you know? My Erlang immortal master’s mother is the Jade Emperor’s sister, fairy Yun Hua!”
The celestial Hound said, ” that year, fairy Yun Hua privately had a child with a mortal in the mortal world. She violated the heavenly law! Who would have thought that the Jade Emperor would be so ruthless as to suppress fairy Yun Hua under the peach mountain and directly kill immortal Erlang’s father!”
&Quot from then on, Erlang immortal master and the heavenly court were at odds. He became a disciple of immortal Yuding, one of the twelve golden Immortals of the clan of enlightenment. He worked thousands of times harder than ordinary people to become stronger! &Quot
&Quot finally, Erlang immortal master has completed his cultivation. He also experienced the third immeasurable cultivation tribulation and became a Sage-to-be. Among the younger generation of the clan of enlightenment, he is most valued by the heavenly Lord Yuans.h.i.+. His future is limitless! &Quot
“However, my Erlang immortal master has never forgotten about my mother who is suffering! He was risking the crime of violating the heavenly rules! He was risking his future in chanism! He was determined to kill his way to peach mountain! He carried the mountain and rushed to the sun, split the peach mountain with his strength, and rescued fairy Yun Hua!”
“Since then, my Erlang immortal was put under house arrest at the mouth of Guan River by the Jade Emperor. On the other hand, almost everyone in the clan of enlightenment, except for immortal Yu Ding, cut off all contact with my Erlang immortal! It’s obvious that the heavenly Lord Yuans.h.i.+ has given up on immortal Erlang!”
The celestial Hound was an insider, so he explained in great detail. Many details were unknown to outsiders.
“You’re right …”
Chen Xiaobei could not help but sigh. &Quot “In order to save his biological mother, he cultivated with all his might, crossed the cultivation tribulation, disobeyed the heavenly rules, and gave up his future … Yang Jian is indeed a man with the utmost sincerity and filial piety! I’m convinced!”
&Quot but … &Quot Chen Xiaobei thought for a moment, then said, ” “Why did Yang Jian become the heavenly court’s war G.o.d? He used to capture brother monkey, and now he’s hunting the Taiyin true deity. He’s working for the Jade Emperor!”
&Quot that’s what I’m going to say next. It’s an important reason for Erlang immortal master to form an alliance with bro bei! &Quot
The celestial Hound said,”in the past, the great sage equal to heaven wreaked havoc in the heavenly Palace!” The heavenly generals were helpless! It was unknown what PaG.o.da-bearing Heavenly King Li Jing was planning, but he did not fight with all his strength! The Jade Emperor has been forced to the point where he has no one to use!”
“At that time, the Western religious sect and the Jade Emperor were very close. It was Guan Yin Bodhisattva who came forward and suggested to the Jade Emperor to let my Erlang immortal Lord deal with The Great Sage, Heaven’s Equal! At that time, the Jade Emperor didn’t dare to agree, for fear that releasing a fierce tiger would hurt him instead!”
“However, the situation at that time was very delicate! The clan of enlightenment seemed to want to test the loyalty of the Jade Emperor and see if he would turn to the Western religious sect when he was forced into a corner. Therefore, the big shots of the clan of enlightenment didn’t make a move!”
“The Western religious sect didn’t dare to slap the clan of enlightenment in the face, so they didn’t interfere directly! Although the Jade Emperor is afraid of my Erlang immortal master, he can’t let The Great Sage, Heaven’s Equal, destroy the heavenly court!”
&Quot therefore, the Jade Emperor decided to lock up fairy Yun Hua again and force my Erlang immortal master to work for him! &Quot
“Bro bei, you should know what’s going to happen next! Our Erlang immortal master cut off the tail of the great sage equalling heaven and captured him back to the heavenly court …”
“Since then, the despicable Jade Emperor has been imprisoning fairy Yun Hua. Therefore, my Erlang immortal Lord has no choice but to continue working for him!” The celestial Hound said angrily.
&Quot bro bei, if you can promise to help my Erlang immortal master save my mother, then my Erlang immortal master will definitely become your loyal ally! &Quot
“No problem!”
After listening to yang Kuai’s story, Chen Xiaobei said without hesitation, ” “I’m willing to help Yang Jian save his mother! If it was my mother who was caught, I would definitely cut the Jade Emperor into a thousand pieces, grind his bones and scatter his ashes!”
&Quot MMM, with bro bei’s words, everything will be easier! &Quot The celestial Hound nodded. &Quot let’s leave this place immediately. I’ll follow the aura. I should be able to find my Erlang immortal master or Taiyin immortal soon! &Quot
“Wait!”
Chen Xiaobei took out the heaven and earth smelt and the earth escape Holy gourd.
Then, Chen Xiaobei went underground and absorbed all the spiritual Qi from the quasi-Saint spiritual vein into the heaven and earth smelt.
After that, Chen Xiaobei released the 10000 demonic Pixiu crows from the ring of all beasts.
Soon, all the storage Treasures in the infinite s.p.a.ce were in Chen Xiaobei’s hands.
There were more than 18000 storage bracelets and interspatial rings!
“Whoosh …”
Chen Xiaobei then activated the divine jade light.
Then, the Xumi s.p.a.ce that was invisible to the naked eye turned into small green dots.
Chen Xiaobei personally gathered all the dimensional s.p.a.ces.
There were actually three hundred of them.
More importantly, when Chen Xiaobei was collecting the Sumeru s.p.a.ce, he made another super surprising discovery!
It was the corpse of a Qilin!
The surrounding rocks had been severely weathered and had almost decayed.
It could be seen that this Qilin had died a long time ago.
However, what was amazing was that its corpse was actually intact. It was also s.h.i.+ning with spiritual light and not stained by a single speck of dust.
“It won’t stop! Untainted by the mortal world! This is the corpse of a high-rank Qilin!” Houtu said in surprise, ” I didn’t expect that a Qilin would accidentally enter this place in the long years. &Quot It’s unbelievable!”
“That’s great! With this Qilin’s corpse, my cultivation will be able to soar greatly!” Chen Xiaobei was excited.
One had to know that a Qilin’s entire body was a treasure, and it was extremely beneficial to the improvement of one’s cultivation! Furthermore, there were no side effects! It was the best way to improve one’s cultivation!
Because of this, almost all of the Qilin clan had been annihilated.
And a Qilin’s corpse had actually appeared here. This was simply countless times more difficult than winning the lottery!
To Chen Xiaobei, this was a huge surprise. It was definitely something he needed the most at the moment.
With the increase in cultivation, one’s lifespan would also increase!
With enough life, Chen Xiaobei was not afraid of anyone below the Saint level!
“Let’s go!”
After putting away the Qilin’s body and all the loot, Chen Xiaobei immediately led the group out of the s.p.a.ce.
