Chapter 3785 - 3785 Chapter 3786-heartless
3785 Chapter 3786-heartless
“Don’t try to trick me. Let me see where the demonic Fire Red Lotus imprint is first! Don’t think that I’ll believe you just because you’re talking!”
Chen Xiaobei had made up his mind. If he was sure that the kun Peng really had the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark on him, then he could not touch him.
“It’s here … It’s here …”
The kun Peng turned over with great effort. On his abdomen, there was indeed an obvious mark of the demonic Fire Red Lotus.
Chen Xiaobei had seen it with his own eyes, so it could not be fake.
Moreover, at this moment, the primordial spirit of kun Peng was severely injured and could not activate the celestial core power at all. Therefore, this mark could not be a cover-up.
Therefore, this demonic Fire Red Lotus mark was definitely real.
This meant that Chen Xiaobei could not kill kun Peng for the time being.
Of course, there were good and bad things in everything.
Although Chen Xiaobei could not kill kun Peng now, he could still get more clues about the heavenly Dao from it.
One should not forget that lady Nuwa wanted Chen Xiaobei to find little Daji so that they could use the demonic Fire Red Lotus to find clues about the heavenly axiom.
Little Daji had never come into contact with the heavenly Dao. She was only on a mission to bring chaos to the Shang Dynasty.
However, the connection between the kun Peng and the heavenly Dao would be closer, and there would be more useful information.
Chen Xiaobei was glad that he had spared kun Peng’s life. If he had killed kun Peng, the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark would have retaliated and Chen Xiaobei might have been killed.
“G.o.d Chen … Please spare me. I’m very useful … I can answer many of your questions and help you a lot … Please! Please don’t kill me!”
Kun Peng did not know what Chen Xiaobei was thinking. He thought that Chen Xiaobei had wavered and was begging for mercy so that he could keep his life.
Of course, this was not strange.
For an existence like the kun Peng, he had lived since the creation of the world and cultivated for billions of years. He had experienced many difficulties and finally achieved what he had today. Naturally, he would not bear to die.
But even if Chen Xiaobei did not kill kun Peng, he would not believe him!
He kept saying that he was of great value and that he could answer many questions, but which of his words was true? Which part was fake? Chen Xiaobei could not be sure!
So, Chen Xiaobei’s original plan did not change!
“Swis.h.!.+”
Chen Xiaobei then summoned six-eared macaque from the Meru s.p.a.ce.
The plan to create a heavenly path Sage had officially begun!
Six-eared macaque’s transformation ability had once stumped all the G.o.ds and Buddhas in the sky, and only abundant treasures could see some flaws.
On the other hand, Tathagata the numerous treasures was an invincible existence below the Saint level, which was also the so-called half-step true sage.
This meant that even if the six-eared macaque’s power was lower than a half-step true Saint, it could definitely reach the peak of the pre-Saint level.
Therefore, there was no problem in transforming into a kun Peng!
Of course, the prerequisite was that he had to have enough energy.
&Quot Liu er, get ready. I need you to transform into the ROC! &Quot Chen Xiaobei told her his plan.
Six-eared macaque and kun Peng were shocked.
He did not expect Chen Xiaobei to go this far!
“Bro bei! This … This is not a joke. The amount of energy required to transform into a peak stage quasi-Sage is beyond description!”
Six-eared macaque looked nervous. He was worried that Chen Xiaobei would not be able to produce so much energy and that his joy would be in vain.
I have 160 billion upper-cla.s.s spiritual Jade and 300 trillion middle-cla.s.s spiritual Jade. Is that enough? ” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“Not enough … Far from enough …”
&Quot I don’t think so, ” six-eared macaque said. &Quot bro bei’s wealth isn’t even enough for one-tenth of what we’re going to use! &Quot
“What!” Chen Xiaobei was shocked.
He had never expected that transforming into a peak-stage quasi-Sage would require such a huge amount of energy.
However, thinking about it carefully, it was normal. If a peak level Sage-to-be could transform at will, then Liu er would have been invincible.
But Chen Xiaobei would not give up.
“Can I use the spiritual aura of heaven and earth to replace the spiritual Qi?” &Quot I have the resources from seven giant Treasuries with me! All of them are of high quality, and the amount is huge! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said.
&Nbsp six-eared macaque nodded and said, ” the spiritual aura of heaven and earth can replace spiritual Qi. In fact, it’s even more effective than spiritual Qi! &Quot However, I can’t be sure if the exact amount is enough until I see it!”
“Good! With your words, I’ll go all out!”
Chen Xiaobei then took out the heaven and earth furnace and started to transfer all the resources into it.
Originally, Chen Xiaobei did not want to waste these resources and wanted to keep them for his own use.
But now, Chen Xiaobei poured everything he had into the furnace, leaving nothing behind.
Even the weapons, equipment, and rations he had obtained from the core military camp of the demons were all placed into the heaven and earth smelt.
He had intended to give these items to the Sorcerer tribe of the 81 heavens of the primordial era.
But now, in order to solve this urgent problem, Chen Xiaobei had to go all out and hold nothing back.
“Whoosh …”
After he had placed everything into the heaven and earth smelt, Chen Xiaobei took out a ball of purple-gold Flame.
After his bloodline had been upgraded, the witch Dragon heavenly flame had also been upgraded to a sacred demonic Saint heavenly flame.
Within this strange fire, there were purple-gold dragon scales, purple-gold feathers, and purple-gold dragon fins floating. They were faintly discernible and extremely mysterious.
The power of this strange fire far exceeded that of the true Samadhi fire. If it was used to refine the resources within the heaven and earth smelt, it would naturally be extremely fast.
After a period of time, all the resources were refined into the heaven and earth spiritual aura. Adding on the heaven and earth spiritual aura that was already present in the heaven and earth smelt, the total amount was extremely huge.
Six-eared macaque thought about it and said, ” “The effect of the spiritual aura of heaven and earth is equivalent to one trillion upper-cla.s.s spiritual jade pieces. However, it’s still not enough … At least half of it is still missing!”
“Go! Let’s go to the kun Peng’s treasure house!”
Chen Xiaobei released his celestial core power and wrapped it around the kun Peng.
At the same time, he took away kun Peng’s storage bracelet.
They entered the yuan cult’s core Treasury.
The resources in this arena were extremely rich, and the level was very high.
First, Chen Xiaobei found 300 billion upper-cla.s.s spiritual Jade.
Secondly, among these resources, there were a large number of quasi-Sage level precious natural treasures. The rest of the resources were almost all at the mystic Divine level and above.
The last and most important point.
From kun Peng’s storage bracelet and the Treasury, Chen Xiaobei found three quasi-divine instruments.
A set of black and white Daoist robes, named the yin-yang Wuji robe, was a five-star quasi-Sage!
The other was a jet-black Gold Dagger, named xuanzhao divine Phoenix dagger, a seven-star quasi-Sage!
The Dragon Bone long whip was called the ancestral Dragon Holy vein whip and was at the peak quasi-Saint level!
