Chapter 3784 - 3784 Chapter 3785-red Lotus
3784 Chapter 3785-red Lotus
The dark green primordial chaos holy light surged, and the nine hundred million Li Long kun Peng beast was like a Devata realm. Its head and tail could not be seen, and its circ.u.mference was unknown. It was unimaginably huge!
Everyone in the Holy puppet city screamed hysterically at the sight.
“Look! The demon master made his move! The demon master revealed his true demon form and activated the most powerful primordial chaos holy light! They’re going all out!”
“Isn’t the demon master known as the strongest demon ancestor below Nuwa? Why … Why do I look so much weaker than the other party?”
“Yup! Yao s.h.i.+’s kun Peng body is as small as an ant in front of the opponent’s purple-gold Peng wings and kun fins!”
“Who is the other party? It was simply too terrifying! Demon master … Demon master is dead …”
The situation was already very clear. As long as one wasn’t blind, one could tell who was stronger and who was weaker.
Although the kun Peng had returned to its demon form, it was an arrow at the end of its flight. It was just a meaningless struggle.
&Quot kneel down!!! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei let out an angry roar, and a purple-gold ROC wing descended from the sky and landed on the kun Peng’s head!
The wings flapped and there was endless purple-gold primordial chaos sacred light like a dragon or a G.o.d. It was so terrifying that it could shake the heavens and the world!
“Ah … Spare me … Spare me …”
Kun Peng shrieked hysterically. His heart trembled and his pupils contracted uncontrollably. His scalp went numb and he broke out in cold sweat. He almost peed!
At this moment, he was facing the incomparably huge purple-gold dragon ROC wings! Kun Peng felt like the sky was falling down!
“Pfft …”
In the next moment, the kun Peng felt a huge pressure pressing down on him!
His 900 million miles long kun Peng demonic body fell straight to the ground without any resistance.
What was even more terrifying was that his bones, tendons, and meridians were all broken, and his internal organs were almost completely shattered. Then, his Dharmakaya was crushed, and his primordial spirit was seriously injured!
In the process of falling rapidly, the kun Peng’s demonic body began to shrink. He did not return to his human form, but turned into a big fish with wings. Then, he fell heavily to the ground.
At this moment, he was already covered in blood and his primordial spirit was seriously injured. He could not even live for a moment longer, let alone escape.
At the sight of this scene, the entire Holy puppet city burst out with unprecedented shock and exclamations like a tsunami.
“That purple … Purple-gold demon Sage won! He had defeated the demon master in seconds! Oh my G.o.d … Is Holy puppet city going to change hands?”
“He’s too powerful! The strength of the purple-gold demonic Sage was probably infinitely close to that of a heavenly path Sage! One move to defeat the demon master, it’s simply terrifying!”
“Don’t talk nonsense! If you don’t want to die, quickly kneel and wors.h.i.+p the purple-gold demonic Sage!”
“Greetings, purple-gold demon Sage … Greetings, purple-gold demon Sage …”
All of a sudden, all the people in the city began to wors.h.i.+p Chen Xiaobei. They saw him as the unparalleled G.o.d of War, or even their Supreme faith!
“My G.o.d … G.o.d Chen really … Really did it … He defeated kun Peng! And it was an instant defeat! As expected of the disciple of the prime of Tongtian! He was indeed the last hope of the Jie sect! He’s too terrifying!”
On the other side, the green Goat Saint and the White Bear Saint were both dumbfounded. Their foreheads were covered in cold sweat, and their bodies were trembling.
“Too strong … Too strong …”
The Jade Kylin Saint was the same. He was dumbfounded and his body trembled. He was ashamed. &Quot I’m so blind. I underestimated G.o.d Chen at first … I didn’t expect him to be this powerful! &Quot
“Bro bei … Thank you, bro bei! Take revenge for the demon race’s heavenly court!”
Beside him, other than being shocked, Taiyi also cupped his fists and bowed deeply towards Chen Xiaobei, expressing his heartfelt grat.i.tude.
The defeat of the traitor kun Peng was like a huge knot in Taiyi’s heart. He couldn’t describe his feelings with words.
Even Taiyi’s Dao heart underwent a mysterious change at this moment.
“Whoosh …”
Then, the Pengornis fins on Chen Xiaobei’s back also began to shrink.
At the same time, Chen Xiaobei landed and revealed his true form.
Chen Xiaobei stood in front of kun Peng and looked down at him. &Quot “You’re asking who I am? Now, you should have an answer, right?”
&Quot you … You’re … You’re Chen Xiaobei!!! &Quot
Kun Peng shrieked in fear.
Without a doubt, it had been billions of years since the kun Peng was born! And this moment was the closest he had ever been to death!
He knew very well that Chen Xiaobei’s power had reached an unimaginable level! In the entire universe, perhaps only the invincible Buddha of many treasures, who was below the sage level, could fight it!
The life and death of the kun Peng was in Chen Xiaobei’s hands.
What shocked kun Peng the most was his strength!
Chen Xiaobei! He should have died at the hands of the guide, so why did he appear in Holy puppet city? And why did he have such heaven-defying strength?
Kun Peng couldn’t figure it out no matter how hard he thought.
&Quot you’re already at death’s door. Say your last words. Don’t be unable to rest in peace when you reach the underworld! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei looked down at kun Peng, his tone cold and emotionless. He would not give kun Peng any chance of survival!
“No… You can’t kill me!” Kun Peng was still vomiting blood and said, ” “My master is … The heavenly Dao! Kill me! You’ll also die!”
“What a joke! If the heavenly Dao could find me, would I still be alive to stand here?” Chen Xiaobei sneered.
“Yes! You’ve used some secret technique to make the heavenly Dao and the Saints unable to detect your existence! However, you must not know …”
Kun Peng took a deep breath and said,”I have a demonic Fire Red Lotus mark on my body!” If you try to kill me, the mark will explode with the power of a Saint and kill you on the spot!”
“What? Demonic Fire Red Lotus imprint?” Chen Xiaobei was shocked.
If kun Peng had said anything else, Chen Xiaobei would not have let him off. But now that kun Peng had mentioned the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark, Chen Xiaobei had to consider it carefully!
Don’t forget, little Daji’s three reincarnations all had the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark on her body!
Furthermore, Chen Xiaobei and lady Nuwa had a deep discussion about it.
Daji’s first life was before the third immeasurable catastrophe, and she was a demon concubine who destroyed a country! She had bewitched King Zhou and caused the people of the Shang Dynasty to live in misery, further intensifying the war between the Zhou and Shang Dynasties!
At that time, the tribe of severity supported the Shang Dynasty, and the tribe of enlightenment supported the Zhou state.
Therefore, the outbreak of this standstill directly triggered the life-and-death battle between the tribe of severity and the tribe of enlightenment.
It could even be said without exaggeration that the third immeasurable catastrophe was triggered by Daji!
However, this was not Daji’s original intention! Instead, it was the heavenly Dao controlling her from behind!
It was the way of heaven that felt threatened by the tribe of severity and the tribe of enlightenment, so it deliberately triggered a war between the two sects!
As for the power of the demonic Fire Red Lotus imprint, mother Nuwa had also mentioned it before …
It could even kill a heavenly path Saint!
