Chapter 3782 - 3782 Chapter 3783-war
3782 Chapter 3783-war
Chen Xiaobei and lady Nuwa had already a.n.a.lyzed everything that the long-eared Lord dingguang had said.
That was why Chen Xiaobei had come to the Holy puppet city. His goal was to stop kun Peng from becoming a saint.
As long as Kunpeng couldn’t become a saint, the way of heaven wouldn’t abandon sect leader Tongtian for the time being.
“What’s wrong? You don’t seem to be sad at all when you hear that Tong Tian is going to die!”
&Quot everyone says that Chen Xiaobei values friends.h.i.+p and loyalty. Tongtian has been so good to you, but you don’t care about his life at all! How ironic! &Quot the long-eared dingguang deity mocked.
Chen Xiaobei did not explain but said coldly, ” “Our master has also treated you well, but you have harmed the entire tribe of severity!”
“Heh, you can’t blame me for this! Tongtian could only blame himself for not understanding the situation! He wants to have a higher cultivation and make the tribe of severity stronger and stronger. This has touched the bottom line of the way of heaven and made it feel threatened!”
The long-eared dingguang immortal sneered, ” therefore, Tongtian is doomed to die. The tribe of severity is doomed to decline and peris.h.!.+ &Quot If I don’t betray him, I’ll only be implicated by the heavenly master and die with grievances!”
“Now, he, Tong Tian, is about to be killed, but I’m still alive and well. This is enough to prove that my decision back then was completely correct! This was foresight! This was a wise man who understands the times! Hahaha …”
The long-eared immortal of fixed light laughed complacently. He was not ashamed of his betrayal of the Jie sect, but proud of it.
It was obvious that the long-eared immortal of fixed light was an extremely selfish animal!
In order to save his own life, his betrayal directly caused the death of 90% of the 10000 Immortals of the Jie sect. Those who were still alive were captured and controlled by the great saint sect.
Therefore, before Chen Xiaobei appeared, the entire tribe of severity was only left with the prime of Tongtian and the old green Bull. It was no different from being exterminated!
“Foresight? Understand the current situation?”
Chen Xiaobei’s eyes narrowed, and he asked in an extremely cold, brutal, and merciless voice, ” “Since you’re so powerful, did you foresee that today will be the day of your death?”
“Death?”
The long-eared immortal dingguang was slightly startled, but he immediately laughed again.”Hahaha … You can’t really be thinking of fighting me, right?”
As he laughed, the long-eared setting light immortal glanced at Taiyi and the four Saint Venerables. He was still laughing arrogantly and unscrupulously, not putting anyone in his eyes at all.
The truth was, based on their current strength on paper, even if everyone on Chen Xiaobei’s side gave it their all, they would still not be a match for the long-eared dingguang celestial.
This was why the long-eared setting light immortal was so arrogant and proud, as if everything was under his control! It was as if everyone’s life and death were in his hands.
&Quot world-ending devil seal!!! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei did not waste any more time. He took a step forward and burned 100 million years of his life to summon the Black Lotus of destructions, helping Chen Xiaobei to reach the false golden immortal realm!
[ ding Qianqian’s cultivation base is at the early stage of one-star golden immortal. Lifespan: 11.850.27 billion years, physique: 10 trillion, combat power: Saint level!
“Dragon ROC stepping on the peak!”
Chen Xiaobei took a second step forward and burned another 200 million years of his lifespan.
In an instant, thousands of purple-gold dragon scales covered Chen Xiaobei’s body, and on his back, golden wings and golden centipede fins appeared!
The power of his special ability had allowed Chen Xiaobei to step into the pseudo-golden immortal realm.
[ ding Qianqian’s cultivation base is at the early stage of nine-stars golden immortal. Lifespan: 11.650.27 billion years, physique: x.x.xxx, combat power x.x.xxx, primordial spirit attack: Saint level!
But!
This time, the peak golden immortal realm wasn’t the limit!
That was because the witch Dragon’s nine transformations had become the demon Sage’s nine transformations!
“Whoosh …”
In the blink of an eye, another 1.6 billion years of his lifespan had been burned out!
The ROC’s wings on Chen Xiaobei’s back suddenly expanded, covering a distance of 3000 miles, giving off rays of purple-gold spiritual light like divine Dragons.
At first glance, it was as if the heavens and earth had split open a 3000-mile chasm, and tens of thousands of divine Dragons rushed out from it. They suppressed the heavens and earth and suppressed the souls of all living beings. It was so terrifying that they couldn’t move.
[ ding Yingying’s cultivation base is at the early stage of one-star Sage-to-be. Lifespan: 950.27 billion years, physique: x.x.xxx, combat power x.x.xxx, primordial spirit attack: Saint level!
Who dared to think about it?
The peak of the eighth transformation of the nine transformations of the demonic Sage had the effect of breaking through the chaos!
One step and Chen Xiaobei was already in the pseudo-Saint stage!
“Woof!”
In an instant, the gold dragon ROC’s wings expanded again, covering a distance of a trillion miles!
The essence of the capital Dragon Qi had all changed. From the state of aura, it turned into a dazzling light!
That’s right! This light could only be activated by those in the pre-Saint realm …
The mixed-essence divine splendor!
The tens of thousands of purple-gold Holy splendor Dragons were all billions of miles long! It was flying around the Dragon ROC’s huge wings! An incomparably terrifying pressure, murderous aura, and domineering aura filled the entire heaven and earth as if they were real. Even the Holy puppet city seemed extremely small!
Seeing this scene, everyone in the Holy puppet city was shocked and dumbfounded. A large number of demon civilians faced this side and bowed.
“Look! It was the wings of a great ROC! It was a purple-gold ROC that had never been seen before! Oh my G.o.d! What kind of Saint Beast is that?”
“No! It wasn’t just the ROC! And the purple-gold dragon Qi! It’s a strange beast that’s the fusion of a Dragon and a ROC! It’s an unprecedented and unique existence!”
“Don’t just look at the form! The most terrifying thing was the purple-gold primordial chaos holy light! He was an extremely powerful quasi-Sage! Hurry up! Don’t just stand there, quickly wors.h.i.+p the new Lord!”
The news spread rapidly to every corner of the Holy puppet city.
The vast majority of people chose to kneel down and wors.h.i.+p with sincerity and reverence.
At the same time, the four Saint Venerables were all dumbfounded. Their eyes were as wide as a bull’s, and their mouths were so open that a fist could be stuffed in. It was as if they had seen the most horrifying scene in the world. Their hearts were beating wildly, their scalps were numb, and they had gooseb.u.mps all over their bodies.
Even the eastern Emperor Taiyi, who had experienced the immeasurable cultivation tribulation once, was stunned! He had never seen or heard of such a scene before his eyes. He didn’t even dare to think about it!
“Hiss …”
Of course, the one who was most shocked was the long-eared dingguang immortal.
This guy gasped. He was so scared that his face turned pale, his hands and feet were cold, and his whole body was trembling.
Just a moment ago, he was still mocking Chen Xiaobei. But now, Chen Xiaobei had stepped into the pseudo-Saint level. This was enough to make the long-eared dingguang celestial’s world crumble.
However, what really scared the long-eared dingguang celestial was not Chen Xiaobei’s pseudo-realm, but the terrifying pressure that Chen Xiaobei was exuding.
The pressure completely enveloped the long-eared immortal of fixed light.
In his opinion, this level of pressure was equivalent to, and even surpa.s.sed the demon master kun Peng, and was close to the heavenly path Sage!
Chen Xiaobei was exuding a saint’s aura!
The long-eared dingguang immortal was so scared that he almost peed his pants just thinking about it.
“Dragon Air, open the chaos!”
However, it was not over yet.
Chen Xiaobei took the third step and activated the ultimate skill of the nine forms of demonic Saint!
