Chapter 3719 - 3719 Chapter 3720-blocking the retreat
3719 Chapter 3720-blocking the retreat
Of course, Chen Xiaobei could recognize the Jiufan immortal Qi.
This was a special ability of the Jiu fan Golden Bell. After consuming a certain amount of energy and a long period of time, it could acc.u.mulate a small amount of Jiu fan immortal Qi.
This divine instrument had once saved Chen Xiaobei’s life in the earth-G.o.d Realm. It had even helped Chen Xiaobei to break through to a higher realm. It was a very magical gas.
Chen Xiaobei finally understood why Yun fanqing had said that this magical item could save his life when he left the Jiu fan Golden Bell.
It turned out that Yun Fan had already known that a new portion of Jiu fan immortal Qi was being nurtured in the Jiu fan Golden Bell.
She could give such an important thing to Chen Xiaobei, and she did not even know his ident.i.ty.
Even though Chen Xiaobei’s appearance was demonized, the two of them were still connected.
The feeling was a very mysterious thing.
Sometimes, liking someone without any reason was because the feeling was right.
“Since that’s the case, I won’t be polite! Hiss …”
Chen Xiaobei took a deep breath and absorbed all of the Jiufan divine Qi into his Dharmakaya.
At the same time, Chen Xiaobei consciously gathered the Jiufan divine Qi near his primordial spirit.
There was no doubt that as long as Chen Xiaobei could protect his primordial spirit, everything else would not be a problem.
“Let’s go!”
Chen Xiaobei put away the Jiu fan Golden Bell and walked deeper into the ruins.
Chen Xiaobei did not care about anyone else, but he had to ensure Yun fanqing’s safety.
“Brother!”
Blackpeak’s face turned green. He naturally did not want to take this risk.
However, the heroic words he said before he entered were still fresh in his mind. If he didn’t follow them in, every word he said would become a slap to his own face.
Steeling his heart, blackpeak finally followed.
From the moment he took this step forward, he knew that there was no turning back. He had to risk his life and fight Chen Xiaobei to the end!
……
In the depths of the ruins, after the battle at the cave entrance, the demons were much more cautious.
With every step he took, he would observe his surroundings carefully. At the same time, he activated his essence soul domain to the fullest, not daring to miss any movements.
Of course, there were exceptions.
There were three young n.o.bles of the demon world who had brought three heavenly G.o.ds and demon G.o.ds as bodyguards. They had something to rely on, so they were naturally more courageous. They walked in the front and gradually opened up the distance between them and the main group.
&Quot Lord Jia Luo, Lord Yun, you two follow me. I will find a way to protect you! &Quot
Yuan she Sha’s loyal and devoted appearance was truly touching.
However, jialuo and Yun fanqing did not appreciate his kindness at all.
This was because, during the battle at the entrance, the demonic beasts had suddenly appeared, and Yuan she Sha had been the first to hide.
Even when one of his companions was taken away by a demonic beast near him, he didn’t stop it. He didn’t even gather his immortal essence and just ran away.
There was no way jialuo and Yun fanqing would believe his nonsense!
In fact, anyone with a discerning eye could see that the reason why Yuan she Sha was cowering by Jia Luo and Yun fanqing’s side was not to protect them. On the contrary, he was seeking their protection.
After all, Jia Luo had already revealed his ident.i.ty as the emissary of the ancestor devil, so he would definitely have a trump card to save his life.
Therefore, in Yuan Shesha’s opinion, he would be safe as long as he stayed in jialuo and Yun fanqing.
Jia Luo saw through Yuan she Sha’s scheme with a single glance, and a look of disdain appeared on his face. At the same time, he couldn’t help but sigh inwardly.”It’s a good thing that Xuan bei didn’t come with us. Otherwise, we would have to protect one more person …”
“Yup!”
Yuanshe Sha was like an insect that responded to the call and immediately echoed,”That Xuan bei is really too weak. He looks so sick, as if he will fall down at any moment! If he comes along, it’ll be a huge delay!”
Hearing their words, Yun fanqing frowned slightly but did not refute them.
Obviously, Yun fanqing did not think that Chen Xiaobei was suitable to go with them. If anything happened to him, Yun fanqing would feel very guilty.
It was a good thing he didn’t follow her in …
With that thought in mind, Yun fanqing’s mood relaxed slightly.
Kalala … Kalala …
However, all of a sudden, a series of strange sounds came from the surrounding stone walls. It was as if something was penetrating the rocks and rus.h.i.+ng towards them at high speed.
“Not good! It was a magical beast! That demonic beast is coming for us again!”
Someone shrieked loudly. Then, everyone fell into a state of anxiety.
“s.h.i.+t! That demonic beast’s strength is far stronger than all of us! The three black demonic G.o.ds from earlier have already gone far away, so doesn’t that mean we’re dead?”
“Why are you still thinking of a dead end? Hurry up and escape! Our lives are more important. We’re not doing this mission!”
“Run! Hurry up! If we don’t escape now, it’ll be too late …”
In an instant, almost all the young demons ran to the back. He wanted to leave the demonic beast’s attack range as soon as possible.
“Boom boom boom …”
However, this demonic beast already possessed intelligence. With a loud bang, its huge body directly broke through the mountain’s rock wall and blocked everyone’s path of retreat.
The demonic beast’s body was very similar to a pangolin’s, but the scales on its body had thorns, and its body was more than 30 meters long.
The most demonic thing about it was that it had two huge, dark green eyes.
They were like two dark green Lanterns, round and emitting a dark green light.
“I’m finished …”
The moment they saw the monster, despair spread through the crowd like a terrible disease.
The group of 50 to 60 people had just entered the cave, and 18 of them had already died.
One could imagine how terrifying this demonic beast was.
To these demon youths whose cultivation was far inferior to it, it was like a death G.o.d that took lives, coming here to harvest lives.
Moreover, this time, it had directly blocked everyone’s retreat. From the looks of it, it was going to completely annihilate everyone here.
&Quot Whoos.h.!.+ &Quot
Without wasting any time, the strange green-eyed mountain-piercing beast immediately launched its attack.
A long tongue, which was enhanced by celestial core power, shot out of its mouth like a long whip.
From the immortal essence fluctuations, its cultivation had already reached the nine Star Mystic immortal realm.
At the same time, the special body structure of demonic beasts gave it a natural talent for attacking.
That long whip-like tongue, in terms of speed and accuracy, had already surpa.s.sed nine-Star Mystic Immortals of the same level.
Among all the demon youths present, the strongest was only a Seven Star abstruse immortal like Yuan she Sha.
The result was without any suspense!
“Swis.h.!.+”
In an instant, a demon youth was directly wrapped up and flicked towards the green-eyed pangolin’s mouth!
