Chapter 3790 - 3790 Chapter 3791-finding someone
3790 Chapter 3791-finding someone
Heaven’s nail drill, stored in treasure chest!
[ Nuwa: Xiaobei, have you received the red packet? ]
Chen Xiaobei: Heaven piercing awl! It looked very powerful!
[ Nuwa: yes! ] This was a sacred object! As long as it was nailed into the kun Peng’s body, he would not be able to use any power. Even if he was restored to his best state, he would not be able to move and would be at your mercy!
Chen Xiaobei: With this treasure, I won’t have to be afraid of kun Peng anymore!
After the battle in Holy puppet city, Chen Xiaobei only had 10000 years left to live. The demonic Sage’s power was strong, but it could not be used. If the kun Peng rebelled, the consequences would be unimaginable.
Now that he had Taoist Cundi’s heaven-nailing spike, Chen Xiaobei could finally put his heart at ease.
Chen Xiaobei: ” but Taoist Cundi gave me this treasure. Isn’t he afraid of being exposed? ”
Nuwa replied,”of course he’s not afraid!” Senior brother Cundi is extremely smart. What we can think of, he has already thought of it!
Chen Xiaobei-what do you mean?
Nuwa said, ” this heaven’s nail was originally dipamkara Taoist’s magic weapon. He gave it to his disciple and lost it. After several twists and turns, it finally landed in the hands of senior brother Cundi! &Quot Even if they were to be exposed, it would be burning lamp Daoist!
Chen Xiaobei,’pfft … Hahaha! Taoist Cundi was really bad! Not only did you help me, but you also want to put a basin of sh * t on coach Chu’s head! Hahaha … I like it!
[ Nuwa: vulgar words, but that’s true! ]
Chen Xiaobei thought to himself, I really want to send kun Peng back so that he can bite that old dipamkara! That was the real dog-eat-dog fight! Hahaha … &Nbsp
[ Nuwa: you’re the best at this. I don’t have to teach you! ] Do you have any other questions? I should go back!
Chen Xiaobei: ” there’s also Xin ‘er and fairy Chang’ E! I’m worried that they’ll be found! &Quot What was Mother Nuwa going to do with them?
[ Nuwa: your worry is not without reason! ] How about this, I’ll get someone to send them to you! You will protect me!
Chen Xiaobei: ” no need to trouble yourself. Just get them to contact me. I’ll just use a red packet to get them to come to me! &Quot
Nuwa agreed. I’ll make arrangements for this later! Do you have any other questions?
Chen Xiaobei: ” not at the moment. Hurry up and go. Don’t arouse any suspicion! &Quot
After that, Chen Xiaobei brought the sky-nailing spike into the Meru dimension.
Kun Peng was still severely injured. However, his powerful body had stopped bleeding and was recovering quickly.
“Swis.h.!.+”
Without a word, Chen Xiaobei went over and stabbed the sky-nailing spike into kun Peng’s left shoulder. It went deep into his flesh, causing him to scream in pain.
“This … This …”
Kun Peng looked around and said in disbelief, ” “This is the burning lamp Daoist’s heaven-nailing cone nail! Chen Xiaobei! How did you get this sacred artifact?”
“Hehe, do you even need to ask?”
&Quot of course! &Quot Chen Xiaobei grinned. &Quot I’ve formed a secret alliance with the lamp-burning Daoist a long time ago. I just asked him for this magical item! &Quot
“Impossible!”
Kunpeng couldn’t believe it and said,’the clan of enlightenment is irreconcilable with you! The lamp-burning Daoist is a die-hard fan of the clan of enlightenment and will never form an alliance with you!”
“Die-hard loyalty?”
&Quot hehe! &Quot Chen Xiaobei laughed, ” hehe, this word might have been useful in the past! However, don’t forget that the immeasurable catastrophe is coming. Anyone can change their stance or even their faith in order to survive!”
“I still don’t believe it!”
Kun Peng stubbornly said,’compared to the clan of enlightenment, you are pitifully weak! If lamp-burning Daoist allies with you, not only will he not be able to protect his own life, but he will also die a worse death!”
“Idiot! Don’t you know that a cunning rabbit has Three Burrows?”
&Quot of course not! &Quot Chen Xiaobei sneered. &Quot Daoist dipamkara is still loyal to chanism on the surface, but he’s only forming an alliance with me in private! In the end, the clan of enlightenment won, and he was still the Deputy sect leader of the clan of enlightenment! And if I win, he can immediately join my Jie sect! I won’t die either way!”
“This …”
Kun Peng was taken aback, but he knew that Chen Xiaobei was right.
Chen Xiaobei had planted the seed of suspicion in kun Peng’s mind.
As time went by, and with Chen Xiaobei’s constant lies, kun Peng would soon believe that dipamkara was Chen Xiaobei’s ally.
“Strange …”
However, Chen Xiaobei noticed a very important flaw.
“Kun Peng, didn’t you form an alliance with the clan of enlightenment in private? Why do you look like you’re new to this?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“Who told you that I’m in an alliance with the clan of enlightenment?” Kun Peng was confused. He didn’t seem to be lying.
Chen Xiaobei had always thought that kun Peng was the mysterious powerful demonic being who wanted to replace G.o.ddess Nuwa.
And that powerful being of the demon race had made it clear that he had formed an alliance with ju liusun, one of the 12 golden Immortals of the clan of enlightenment.
However, at this moment, the kun Peng’s behavior showed a serious contradiction.
“Six-eared!”
Chen Xiaobei summoned six-eared macaque and asked, ” “The giant of the demon race that has been plotting in the dark, is it kun Peng?”
“No…”
&Quot no! &Quot six-eared macaque shook his head. &Quot kun Peng didn’t form an alliance with ju liusun … So it’s not that mysterious demon overlord! &Quot
&Quot how did this happen … &Quot Chen Xiaobei frowned. His thoughts were in a mess.
From the looks of it, that monster giant was still alive and well outside, and he was still plotting to replace mother Nuwa!
Chen Xiaobei calmed himself down and started to recall the names that lady Nuwa had mentioned!
There were actually many demons who could replace mother Nuwa!
The peac.o.c.k Wisdom King, Kong Xuan! Daolord Lu ya! Ancestor Dragon Hong Huang! The seven-colored celestial Phoenix! Nine-colored Qilin!
Among them, Kong Xuan and Luya were already half-step true sages and were the most likely candidates to replace G.o.ddess Nuwa.
Chen Xiaobei had to continue to investigate this matter, or else lady Nuwa would be in danger!
Of course, there were no clues for the time being, so it could only be postponed.
Chen Xiaobei’s first priority was to find Monkey King! Celestial Hound! And Taiyin true deity!
“Whoosh …”
He used earth escape immortal Gu to return to the South of Dragon Sparrow mountain range.
After reaching the ground, Chen Xiaobei appeared in the camp of the witch tribe Army.
At this moment, the atmosphere in the military camp was much gentler than before. Although there was still a large Army stationed there, everyone was full of energy and fighting spirit. Compared to the previous atmosphere of despair, it was many times better!
It was clear that the demonic Army had been completely disrupted by Chen Xiaobei and had not launched any more decent attacks.
As for the Sorcerer tribe, they finally had a chance to rest.
Now that the situation had stabilized, Chen Xiaobei had nothing to worry about.
After that, Chen Xiaobei asked Xu Tianxin to stay behind and reunite with his parents!
After the reunion, Xu Tianxin would directly join the witch clan’s corpse search team!
Don’t forget, the Sorcerer tribe had been carrying out a secret mission to find Chiyou’s body!
Xu Tianxin, on the other hand, had the power of Chiyou. If they could find the body of Chiyou, she would be able to subdue it and hand it over to Chen Xiaobei, which would save him a lot of time.
After making the necessary arrangements for Xu Tianxin, Chen Xiaobei summoned six-eared macaque and asked him to bring him along.
Even though six-eared macaque’s injuries were not fully recovered yet, he was still much faster than Chen Xiaobei.
Chaotic stone ancient forest!
When six-eared macaque arrived with Chen Xiaobei, he was exhausted. So, Chen Xiaobei told him to go back to the Sumeru s.p.a.ce to rest.
After that, Chen Xiaobei summoned Emperor Jiang, candle Dragon, and Houtu!
Don’t forget that the entire ancient Barrens land was once their territory!
