Chapter 3783 - 3783 Chapter 3784-half-step
3783 Chapter 3784-half-step
Originally, opening the primal Chaos could only be used when one’s cultivation was at its peak. After that, one could break through a major realm!
However, Chen Xiaobei’s pseudo-realm was at the early stage of one-star Sage-to-be. By right, he should not be able to use it.
However, at this moment, opening the chaos was completely different. It was given an even more heaven-defying effect by the special ability of the purple-gold dragon Dagger!
[ ding Yingying’s cultivation level: half-step true sage. Lifespan: 10,000 years, physical body: [ x.x.xxx, primordial spirit attack-sacred level! ]
This wave of improvement had directly burned up more than 9.05 billion years of his lifespan, and the effect could only last for ten seconds!
But this was something that Chen Xiaobei did not expect.
Half-step true sage!
Wouldn’t that be an existence that surpa.s.sed the peak of the pre-Saint realm?
At this moment, no one was Chen Xiaobei’s match unless a heavenly path Saint descended!
&Quot boom boom boom … Boom boom boom … &Quot
In an instant, the purple-gold dragon fins and purple-gold dragon ROC wings behind Chen Xiaobei’s back exploded to a distance of ten trillion miles. The entire beiming youhai was covered in the explosion!
The purple-gold dragon fins were covered with countless dragon scales. They bloomed with the purple-gold Chaos origin divine light and exuded a terrifying pressure. The entire s.p.a.ce trembled and even the sea water boiled. It gradually became viscous, like purple gold that was being melted. It was terrifying but extremely gorgeous.
All of a sudden, not only the people in the Holy puppet city, but even the four Saints and donghuang Taiyi could not help but kneel down and look up at Chen Xiaobei!
“Mother of G.o.d! Please spare …”
The long-eared immortal of fixed light let out a hysterical scream.
However, in just a second, before he could even finish begging for mercy, his voice stopped abruptly.
”
Chen Xiaobei waved his hand, and the purple-gold primordial chaos Divine light suddenly condensed into a huge Xiang Dragon!
The Dragon centipede opened its mouth and swallowed the long-eared dingguang immortal like a giant whale swallowing an ant!
“Uh ah … I’m boiling ah …”
Then, the long-eared dingguang immortal let out a terrifying scream.
In the mouth of the Xiang Dragon, his body was cut by countless blade-like Hunyuan sacred splendor. He was cut into pieces and finally became minced meat.
His practicing body was burned by a kind of purple-gold Flame, melting bit by bit and being destroyed!
In the end, his primordial spirit was extracted and returned to Chen Xiaobei’s palm.
Chen Xiaobei pinched the long-eared dingguang Xian’s primordial spirit as if he was pinching a bug! With just a thought, he could be completely destroyed and never reincarnate!
But Chen Xiaobei did not do it immediately.
“Woof!”
Chen Xiaobei appeared right above the core Palace of the yuan religion in a split second.
Chen Xiaobei did not expect the nine transformations of the demonic Saint to be this terrifying.
Originally, Chen Xiaobei only wanted to use the nine transformations of demonic Saint to deal with the long-eared dingguang celestial. But now, it seemed that the remaining seven seconds were more than enough for him to take down kun Peng as well.
“Spare …”
The long-eared setting light immortal naturally wanted to beg for mercy, but before he could finish, he was once again stunned and scared out of his wits.
Chen Xiaobei waved his hand again. It was simple and casual.
“Hiss!”
In an instant, another Dragon-ROC Dharma form condensed by the purple-gold primordial chaos Divine light swooped down toward the headquarters of the yuan sect.
In order not to be disturbed, Kunpeng had already covered the entire Yuan cult with a peak quasi-Sage level ” Heavenly Divine Phoenix universe crus.h.i.+ng formation “.
This formation was extremely profound. It was said to have been set up completely after the great heavenly cycle star formation.
If the river diagram of the book of Luo was used to suppress the core of the array, it would be able to unleash the power of a Saint.
It was a pity that after the second immeasurable cultivation tribulation, the Zhen Yuan immortal came to the beiming youhai, beat up the kun Peng and took away the book of Luo and the river diagram.
Because of this, the universe divine astral Supreme formation didn’t have a Saint level treasure to suppress it, so it could only activate the power of a peak pre-Saint.
Originally, Chen Xiaobei did not have the strength to break the formation. That was why he wanted to take down the long-eared dingguang immortal, and then use the excuse of offering treasures to get close to kun Peng.
However, even Chen Xiaobei himself did not expect the nine transformations of the demonic Saint to be this terrifying.
The Dragon split the chaos!
A half-step true sage had appeared!
In the face of absolute power, all plans, schemes, and plots became meaningless.
Don’t mess with those gaudy things! It would be over if he directly attacked!
“Woah! Bzzzzzzzz …”
As the purple-gold dragon ROC swooped down, its terrifying power instantly crushed the defensive layer of the ” universe divine phoenix soaring formation “!
&Quot boom boom boom … Boom boom boom … &Quot
The Dragon ROC swooped down. Without any excessive movements, the strong wind generated by its wings had completely crushed all the houses, palaces, and roads of the yuan cult into ruins!
“Mother … Mother …”
The long-eared immortal of fixed light shrieked in fear. If not for the fact that he was only a ball of primordial spirit, he would have peed himself.
“Chi …”
At the same time, a dark green Hunyuan sacred flame rose from the center of the ruins and shot into the sky.
An extremely beautiful woman could be seen sitting cross-legged under the dark green primordial chaos holy light. Her eyes were closed as if she didn’t know anything about her surroundings.
That’s right!
She was the reincarnation of the witch, Houtu!
Chen Xiaobei had met her once in the earth-G.o.d Realm, and he knew her very well!
She was the youngest among the twelve ancestors of sorcery, and even the Emperor River candle Dragon was very concerned about her.
Chen Xiaobei had also promised Di Jiang that not only would he not kill her, but he would also protect her and kill her contract master to free her.
At this moment, her contract master, the demon master Kunpeng, was soaring into the sky. He followed the dark green primordial chaos holy light that reached the sky and flew up.
However, the kun Peng demon master did not want to fight. Instead, he wanted to escape.
It was obvious that even the peak quasi-Sage’s ” divine Phoenix universe dominance absolute formation ” had been easily broken. The enemy’s strength was not something that kun Peng could compete with.
It could be seen that Kunpeng was very smart. As soon as he sensed danger, he wanted to escape without saying a word. He didn’t even take Houtu with him.
“You want to leave? It won’t be that easy!”
Of course, Chen Xiaobei would not let him go. He moved his Pengornis fin and moved a hundred times faster to block the kun Peng.
&Quot Who are you?! &Quot
The demon master Kunpeng’s expression changed drastically. &Quot since when was there such a terrifying demon under the sage?! &Quot
“Whoosh …”
As he roared, the demon master kun Peng revealed his original demon form.
He knew that the enemy was not friendly. Since he could not escape, he could only fight with all his might.
The black and white robe on his body exploded, and his body expanded at an unbelievable speed. In an instant, he turned into a 900 million-mile-long giant Roc!
