Chapter 3718 - 3718 Chapter 3719-must go
3718 Chapter 3719-must go
It was obvious that the black demon Hunter Clan might seem weak and puny, but in reality, they were more useful than anyone else when it came to finding the body of the wizard ancestor! He was even more powerful than a heavenly path Sage!
Even the heavenly path sages couldn’t determine the location of the wizard ancestor’s corpse. However, as long as you marked out an area, the black demon Hunter Clan would be able to help you find it!
From this moment on, the black demon hunters would belong to Chen Xiaobei alone!
This was definitely an important chess piece! In Chen Xiaobei’s hands, other than searching for corpses, there were many other uses for it!
“Let’s go, blackpeak! You’ll enter the ruins with me!”
Chen Xiaobei extended an invitation.
&Quot I … I won’t go … If the n.o.bles see this, they won’t be happy … &Quot blackpeak gulped, not daring to touch the n.o.bles ‘interests.
“Don’t worry! If the sky falls, I’ll hold it up for you!” Chen Xiaobei patted blackpeak’s shoulder, giving him great courage.
Blackpeak’s face was filled with shame. He composed himself and said solemnly,”I just said some heroic words. If I admit defeat now, it would be too embarra.s.sing! Let’s go! No matter what happens, we’ll face it together!”
“By the way, I still don’t know how to address you?” Blackpeak asked.
“I’m Xuan bei!” Chen Xiaobei smiled as he held the Jiu fan Golden Bell in his hand and walked into the ruins with blackpeak.
It was a deep abyss between the mountains and the earth.
After flying down the abyss for about a few million meters, they could see a cave on the mountain wall.
Entering from the entrance meant that they had entered the mysterious ruins.
As a large number of demons had already swarmed in, the danger at the entrance had long been eliminated. Everything was very peaceful.
As Chen Xiaobei walked, he asked, ” “I heard that there’s a treasure in the ruins! It would allow the demonic Army to defeat the Sorcerer tribe! What is that thing?”
“It’s also a corpse!”
“It’s a mutilated corpse, and it’s emitting a strong killing intent and an incomparably thick smell of blood!” Blackpeak said in a deep voice. It should be a part of the body of the head of the Grand Magi, Chi You!”
Chi You was defeated by the Yellow Emperor Xuanyuan and was dismembered by five dragon horses. The dismembered body was buried in different places.
In fact, Chen Xiaobei had already found the head to the South of Dragon Sparrow mountain. He did not expect that there was another part of the head to be hidden North of Dragon Sparrow mountain.
“That’s not right …”
“What kind of treasure is a corpse?” Chen Xiaobei asked. How can you defeat the Sorcerer tribe?”
“You still don’t know?” “There was a peak quasi-Sage formation in the 81 heavens of the primordial era!” Blackpeak explained. Once this formation is activated, our demon Army will be completely annihilated!”
&Quot I think I’ve heard of it before … It’s the twelve divine beings killing formation, right? ” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“Right!”
Blackpeak composed himself and continued,”Originally, the Sorcerer tribe did not have enough energy to activate the formation. By sacrificing the corpses, we can activate the formation and turn the tide of the battle!”
“I think I understand …”
&Quot of course! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said slowly, ” originally, the demonic tribe had the upper hand on the battlefield, but the witch tribe still had a chance to use the twelve divine beings killing formation to counterattack! However, as long as the demon tribe gets a part of Chiyou’s body, this formation will not be able to be activated. The Wu tribe will be defeated sooner or later!”
“That’s right! It’s like this!”
Blackpeak furrowed his brows, his expression complicated.”This Chi You is really an awesome person! Originally, after a sorcerer tribe member dies, their corpse would turn into energy and merge into the ancient desolate land!”
“However, Chi You has killed countless people in his life! The killing intent and baleful Qi that had suppressed the world had actually undergone a special change and protected his corpse, not turning it into energy!”
&Quot of course, the way the Sorcerer tribe sacrifices Chiyou’s corpse is probably to turn it into energy and use it to activate the twelve divine beings killing formation! &Quot
Obviously, blackpeak was not stupid. In fact, he was very smart and had thought far ahead. He had even thought of what the Sorcerer tribe would do.
Of course, Chen Xiaobei had also thought of what blackpeak had thought of.
Chen Xiaobei could even guess that the secret mission that the witch tribe had mentioned was to find Chiyou’s body.
At the same time, Chen Xiaobei had to consider another problem.
The prime of Tongtian had already sent the reincarnated Chiyou to the ancient Barrens to teach Chen Xiaobei how to use his body.
It seemed like Chiyou’s body should not be refined into energy, but used for other important purposes.
As they conversed, they pondered. Before they knew it, Chen Xiaobei and blackpeak had already ventured a certain distance into the ruins. The environment around them had also started to change.
This area was even darker, and there were many marks left behind by the claws and teeth of ferocious beasts on the stone walls.
There were even many bloodstains on the ground.
However, the strange thing was that there were no injured beasts or demons here.
“Could it be that the two sides fought to a draw here? They’re retreating again?” Chen Xiaobei was confused.
“No!”
Blackpeak twitched his nose a few times and sniffed the air. His eyes were solemn as he said,”There’s the smell of dead bodies … There are at least ten dead or injured people who came in! I’m afraid the corpse has already been eaten …”
&Quot it’s been eaten!? &Quot Chen Xiaobei’s expression changed and he became alert. &Quot “So you’re saying that the man-eating demonic beast is still here?”
Blackpeak sniffed again,”No… It has already left!” It’s very far from here, but it’s very close to the crowd … It seems that it hasn’t eaten its fill …”
“Run! We’ll head over immediately! I can’t let anything happen to my friend!” Chen Xiaobei said urgently.
&Quot I … I think we shouldn’t go over … &Quot blackpeak swallowed his saliva. &Quot that demonic beast is very powerful. Moreover, it comes and goes without a trace. Even the heavenly demonic G.o.d can’t deal with it. We’ll just be courting death if we go … &Quot
“No! I have to save my friend!” Chen Xiaobei was very determined.
This matter concerned Yun fanqing’s safety, so there was no room for discussion.
He had to go!
“Brother! “Listen to my advice …” Blackpeak, of course, still wanted to persuade him.
“Chi …”
However, at this moment, the Jiufan Golden Bell suddenly let out a buzz and revealed the Dharma form of an eminent monk.
That’s right, this was the artifact Spirit of the Jiu fan Golden Bell.
The artifact Spirit used to know Chen Xiaobei, but now, it could not tell who Chen Xiaobei was.
&Quot I hate the demons, but since you’re willing to save my master, I’ll do my best to help you! &Quot The artifact Spirit looked at Chen Xiaobei and said seriously.
“You? Don’t joke around, okay?”
“It’s just a one-star heaven immortal artifact. It can’t even defeat me, so what can it do?” blackpeak said with a look of disdain. Don’t cause trouble! Is that good?”
“Whoosh …”
The artifact Spirit ignored blackpeak and emitted a unique rainbow-colored aura from the Jiu fan Golden Bell!
Jiu fan immortal Qi?
Chen Xiaobei’s eyes lit up with surprise.
