Chapter 3766 - 3766 Chapter 3767-one strike
3766 Chapter 3767-one strike
“This is impossible! Heh, that’s impossible! Hehehe … Silly girl, are you trying to make me laugh?”
The Jade Kylin Saint was really amused.
Even a three-year-old child would know who would win if an eight-star heaven immortal and a one-star Mystic deity were to fight.
“Grandpa …”
The more Yu Lin Saint did not believe that Chen Xiaobei could win, the more dugu zang Xian believed in him. &Quot “Why don’t we make a bet! If Xuan bei wins, you have to agree to one of my conditions!”
“He can’t win!” “What if you lose?” asked Yu Lin Saint with a smile.
“If I lose, I’ll agree to one request of Grandpa, and I won’t go back on my word!” Immortal dugu zang said.
“Good! Then it’s a deal!” Jade Kylin Saint was all smiles as he wondered why dugu zang Xian would make such a bet that he would definitely lose. Could it be that he was deliberately showing filial piety to him, his grandfather?
Thinking of this, Yu Lin Saint master was naturally in a good mood and said happily, ” &Quot Xian ‘er, come with me. I’ll give you some more pills to improve your cultivation. Although they’re not as good as the Jade Kylin divine origin pill, they’re still very effective for a heaven immortal! &Quot
“Alright!” Immortal dugu zang nodded and said no more.
……
Outside the palace.
Chen Xiaobei was smart enough to know that he had to be on guard against the purple ROC Saint.
Chen Xiaobei took to the air and flew out of the city.
“Is this kid an idiot?”
When purple ROC and his six followers saw this, they looked at Chen Xiaobei as if he was an idiot.
“Originally, if this brat had stayed in the city, it wouldn’t have been easy for us to make a move, as we were afraid that it would cause a disturbance and alert the demon master! However, at this moment, that kid is actually flying out of the city by himself. Isn’t he seeking his own death?”
“Yup! This kid was really too stupid! He has offended our Yu Lin Saint venerable and he doesn’t even have a sense of danger. If he doesn’t die, who will?”
&Quot Saint master purple ROC, just leave this little ant to us. Please return to the palace first. We will report back immediately after we kill him! &Quot
The six followers were sensible and didn’t want to trouble Saint purple ROC to make a trip.
“No!”
However, purple ROC Saint master rejected him,”that kid really p.i.s.sed me off!” I want to see him being tortured to death by you! I’m going to cut off his head and give it to immortal dugu zang so that this woman will give up completely and be my wife obediently in the future!”
“Yes, sir!”
The six followers acknowledged the order one after another without a word of nonsense.
Soon after.
Saint purple ROC and his six followers followed behind Chen Xiaobei at the right speed so that they would not be discovered and would not lose him.
Until they reached the outside of the city.
Chen Xiaobei landed in a secluded forest.
He didn’t do anything. He just stood there quietly, as if he was waiting for someone to come.
“Little brat! What exactly did you come all the way here for? Don’t tell me you’re here to enjoy the scenery!”
Soon, purple ROC Saint and his six followers arrived and surrounded Chen Xiaobei.
Looking at the immortal essence fluctuations when they flew, he could see that the six followers had all fought to the one-star celestial deity realm.
“What kind of scenery is there to see in such an ordinary forest?”
Chen Xiaobei shrugged and turned to look at purple ROC. His deep black eyes revealed a cold killing intent, as if he was a beast staring at its prey.
“What’s with that look?”
Purple ROC Saint master was stunned for a moment before he laughed, ” “Don’t tell me you deliberately lured me here so that you can fight me here? Hahaha … This is the funniest joke I’ve ever heard in my life!”
“Hahaha …”
The six followers laughed and mocked Chen Xiaobei. They thought that Chen Xiaobei was an idiot who had been kicked in the head by a donkey.
“Is this kid crazy? Why didn’t he take a p.i.s.s and look at his own appearance? He still wanted to fight with purple ROC? You’re really stupid!”
“You’re just an eight-star heaven immortal, you’re not even worthy to be a slave to Saint purple ROC! No! You don’t even deserve to be a dog!”
“Little brat! Just pick one, whose hands do you want to die to? Any one of the six of us can torture you to the point where you wish you were dead! You’re not worthy of Saint purple ROC to attack you!”
Without a doubt, these six followers did not even care about Chen Xiaobei. Their eyes and tone were filled with disdain, contempt, and contempt, as if they were looking at a speck of dust that was not even comparable to an ant.
Of course, this was not strange.
A one-star celestial immortal was countless times more powerful than an eight-star celestial immortal, so these six followers were naturally filled with a strong sense of superiority.
However, they would never have thought that in the next moment, they would be filled with regret!
No! They had no regrets! Because it was too late!
“Clang”
Without any warning, Chen Xiaobei waved his hand and started the fight without a word.
A blood-red light shot out from Chen Xiaobei’s palm. Like a Blood Dragon emerging from the sea, it exploded with a terrifying aura that shook the world and distorted time and s.p.a.ce. It was as if everything was going to be destroyed and the end of the world was coming!
“A one-star divine artifact? That was a peak one-star Heavenly Divine artifact! Quickly Dodge! Quickly Dodge!”
Purple ROC Saint venerable reacted quickly and warned everyone.
However, he was still half a beat too slow.
After all, he had been looking down on Chen Xiaobei from the very beginning. He was not on guard against Chen Xiaobei at all. In fact, he was very relaxed and did not take Chen Xiaobei seriously.
That was why when Chen Xiaobei suddenly attacked, purple ROC Saint was too late to stop him.
“Woof! Buzzzzzz! Yi …”
At the same time, even purple ROC Saint master was half a beat slower, let alone his six followers.
They did not take Chen Xiaobei seriously either. They were not on guard at all. Even when the blood-red light shone on their faces, they were still laughing at Chen Xiaobei.
&Quot whoosh … Whoosh … Whoosh … &Quot
In an instant, the blood-red light drew an arc and pierced through the dantian of the six followers.
Not only that, but the blood-red light also activated its devouring ability, directly devouring the primordial spirits of the six of them, not giving them any chance to fight back.
“Chi …”
The blood-red light returned to Chen Xiaobei’s palm. It was a blood-red long sword!
That’s right!
It was the chaos Blood Sword!
After devouring a huge amount of resources and the leaves of the divine Tree, the chaos Blood Sword had already reached the level of a peak one-star divine realm expert with the help of the sunlight cache!
This sword had the quality of a true Saint and was absolutely invincible among those of the same level! After reaching the peak of the one-star celestial deity level, one would be invincible under the two-star celestial deity level!
Killing six people in a second with one sword was as easy as chopping melons and vegetables. It was extremely domineering!
“A blood-red longsword? Devouring by chaos?”
Purple ROC Saint venerable’s eyes widened and his scalp went numb. His lips trembled as he asked, ” &Quot you … You … You’re Chen Xiaobei?! &Quot
