Chapter 3724 - 3724 Immortal Qi protection
3724 Immortal Qi protection
“I don’t have the ability to protect you two …”
&Quot I just want to follow the two of you, ” Yuan she Sha said with a big smile. &Quot if the two of you have meat to eat, then I can at least have some soup to drink! &Quot
“It’s that simple?” Jia Luo’s eyes narrowed, as if he wanted to see through the other party.
“It’s that simple!”
Yuan she Sha said with a serious face,”what strength do I have?” Do you think you can find my five fingers mountain?”
“Alright, then you can follow me!” Jia Luo nodded.
Yun fanqing did not object.
Chen Xiaobei and blackpeak’s faces were filled with mixed emotions.
There was clearly something wrong with this yuanshe Sha, so why did jialuo and Yun fanqing want him to stay?
“Xuan bei, why aren’t you leaving?” Yun fanqing walked over and asked.
“Didn’t you say that I would be able to meet Wutian devil ancestor after completing the mission?” Since I’m already here, I won’t give up until I give it a try!”
&Quot your body … &Quot Yun fanqing’s eyes showed worry.
“I’m fine now!”
Chen Xiaobei took out the Jiufan Golden Bell and returned it to Yun fanqing. &Quot “Just now, this magic treasure emitted a special gas that made my body feel much more comfortable.”
“What? You obtained the Jiufan immortal Qi?”
Yun fanqing was a little surprised and asked,’how did you get the artifact Spirit’s approval? It wouldn’t give away Jiu fan immortal Qi so easily!”
“You should ask the artifact Spirit yourself.” Chen Xiaobei smiled.
The Jiufan Golden Bell had already awakened its spirit. It immediately revealed its spiritual body and said, ” “Just now, I sensed that you were in danger and Xuan bei’s companions wanted to escape. However, Xuan bei insisted on coming to protect you at the risk of his life! I saw that he was sincere and sincerely wanted the best for you, so I gave him the Jiu fan immortal Qi!”
Yun fanqing was stunned. He did not expect that Xuan bei, whom he had just met, would be willing to risk his life to protect her.
Yun fanqing was very surprised and even puzzled.
On the other side, blackpeak’s face was red with embarra.s.sment. He was the one who wanted to escape just now! If Chen Xiaobei had not insisted on coming, blackpeak would have run away!
“Xuan bei! Since you saved me just now, I have to remind you!”
At this time, Jia Luo looked over and said in a deep voice, ” “These ruins are extremely dangerous. If you don’t retreat, we may not be able to protect you if anything happens to you!”
Clearly, Jia Luo and Yun fanqing could no longer use the power of the world-ending sacred marrow. They could not even protect themselves, let alone Chen Xiaobei.
Moreover, the deeper they went into the ruins, the more dangerous it was!
Even if Jia Luo and Yun fanqing could still use the power of the world-ending sacred marrow, they could not guarantee that they would be able to move safely in the ruins.
“I can tell that you’re doing this for my own good!”
Chen Xiaobei looked at Jia Luo and said, ” “However, I must continue deeper into the ruins! I can still protect you if you encounter any danger!”
“What? You’ll protect us?”
Jialuo and yuanshe both looked at him with contempt.
“Young master Xuan bei! The way you speak is not nice to hear!” Jia Luo said unhappily,”the longbow in my hand has reached the level of a nine-Star Mystic immortal!” You said you wanted to protect me? Ha …”
“This is young master Xuan bei!”
Yuan she Sha immediately followed and said in a pretentious tone, ” “I can sense your cultivation! He was just a peak seven-star heaven immortal! This strength can’t even compare to a single strand of my leg hair! How are you going to protect us?”
“Heh, you’re really an ungrateful Wolf who doesn’t recognize people!”
“Who was the one who kneeled on the ground and begged me for help?” Chen Xiaobei sneered. When you ask for help, I’m your biological father and grandfather! Now that the poison has been cured, I can’t compare to your leg hair?”
&Quot this … &Quot Yuan Shesha almost choked to death. He couldn’t speak for a while.
Face smacking!
It was a slap to the face!
Just now, Yuan she Sha was the first to kneel and kowtow the loudest! And now, she was looking down on Chen Xiaobei. This was like slapping her own face!
At the same time, Jia Lou’s face burned as if he had been slapped.
Even though she did not beg for Chen Xiaobei’s help, he did save her life.
To turn around and look down on Chen Xiaobei was like slapping himself in the face.
“What Xuan bei said makes sense!”
Yun fanqing’s beautiful eyes moved slightly, and he immediately decided, ” “Although Xuan bei’s cultivation is low, his medical skills are superb! I’m afraid there will be more people injured in the depths of the ruins. If we bring Xuan bei along, we’ll have one more layer of protection!”
As soon as these words were spoken, jialuo and yuanshe could only silently agree, no longer having any reason to refuse.
After that, the group set off again.
Jia Luo and Yuan she Sha both had nine-star Xuan Immortal Weapons, so they walked at the front.
Yun fanqing, heifeng, and Chen Xiaobei were at the back of the group, keeping a safe distance in case they were wiped out in one go.
“Brother! You’re really awesome!”
Blackpeak looked at Chen Xiaobei excitedly and complimented, ” “At first, I didn’t believe that you could detoxify the poison, but I didn’t expect that you could really cure it! Your medical skills are really awesome!”
“Can you stop flattering me?” “We just pa.s.sed the first stage!” Chen Xiaobei said. If you continue to be so smug, you might die an ugly death immediately!”
“This …”
Blackpeak’s body trembled, and he immediately became nervous.”Brother, don’t scare me! Although my life isn’t worth much, I still have my parents to take care of, and I don’t want to die young …”
“If you don’t want to die, then don’t be talkative!”
Chen Xiaobei said, ” take a good whiff of the air around you! Tell us immediately if there’s any movement!”
“En!” Blackpeak nodded his head, immediately turning serious.
“You’re so smart!” Yun fanqing looked at Chen Xiaobei and said, ” “The others didn’t think of bringing black demon hunters in, only you did!”
“I’m not smart! It’s the other n.o.bles who are too full of themselves!”
&Quot of course not! &Quot Chen Xiaobei shrugged. &Quot those aristocrats all think that they can do anything. Of course, they wouldn’t ask for help from the black demon hunters! But I’m different, I treat the black demon hunters as my friends, I need their help, and they’re willing to help me!”
Hearing this, Yun fanqing could not help but be silent for a moment, then said lightly, ” “You are very different from the demon race!”
“You too!” Chen Xiaobei laughed.
“Boom boom boom …”
At this moment, a terrifying tremor suddenly erupted from the depths of the ruins.
“BOOM! BOOM! Boom …”
Then, the explosion of a large amount of immortal essence collided with each other. It was like Rolling Thunder, shaking the entire s.p.a.ce.
“This is bad!”
At the same time, blackpeak smelled a unique aura. &Quot a green-eyed pangolin King has appeared in front of us! &Quot
