Chapter 3732 - 3732 The king
3732 The king
“Shua shua … Shua shua …”
Yun fanqing and Jia Luo looked in the direction blackpeak was pointing at, and their expressions changed drastically. They even began to tremble.
The tens of thousands of soldiers of the shadow Army lined up on both sides of the road and knelt down in the middle in an extremely respectful manner to welcome the arrival of a certain someone.
“Don’t … Don’t tell me that the king of these otherworldly soldiers is coming out?”
Blackpeak’s entire body trembled, his pupils involuntarily contracting, and all his hair stood on end.
They couldn’t even deal with the dark fluid formed by ordinary nether soldiers. If a King of nether soldiers appeared, they wouldn’t even know how they died.
“Jialuo, stop pulling me …”
Yun fanqing smiled bitterly. &Quot it’s already impossible for us to escape. Once the nether Soldier King arrives, we’ll all be buried with Xuan bei! &Quot It’s impossible to escape …”
“This …”
Jia Luo was speechless. He let go of Yun fanqing and no longer stopped him.
Clearly, jialuo’s thoughts were exactly the same as Yun fanqing’s.
Once the nether Soldier King appeared, even if they had 10000 lives, they would have to die Here. There was no way to escape.
The only difference was that if they didn’t run, they would die immediately, but if they ran, they might die a few seconds later.
“Da! Da! Da …”
Just as Yun fanqing and the other two were in complete despair and had even given up on escaping, the sound of steady footsteps gradually rang out from the pa.s.sageway leading to the deepest part of the ruins.
The voice wasn’t loud, but at this moment, the scene was dead silent. The voice came from the long pa.s.sage and reverberated continuously, emitting a very domineering aura. It was like a king or Emperor that tens of thousands of people looked up to. It was majestic without being angry, and when it was angry, it would cause millions of corpses to fall and rivers of blood to flow!
“We’re all dead … We’re all dead …”
Blackpeak let out a hysterical wail. His heart had already turned cold, and he had lost all his spirit.
“I didn’t expect that we’re going to die Here …”
Jia Luo gritted his teeth, his eyes filled with unwillingness! She wasn’t afraid of death, but she was extremely unwilling!
In her previous life, she had already died once, leaving behind many regrets.
It wasn’t easy for her to reincarnate, but before she could make up for those regrets, she was going to die again.
She, Jia Luo, was really unwilling!
“This … Is also a kind of release …”
Among the three of them, Yun fanqing was the calmest.
Just now, she had almost gone crazy trying to rush into the dark fluid and die with Chen Xiaobei.
However, at this moment, death was really in front of her. Of course, she could accept it. Perhaps he would be able to see Chen Xiaobei after he died. Even if he could not, it would be good to see Xuan bei.
With that thought in mind, Yun fanqing was the one who could accept death the most. He even had some inexplicable expectations for death.
However, when the nether Soldier King revealed its true form, Yun fanqing and the other two were dumbfounded. They could not believe what they were seeing.
That’s right!
It was none other than Chen Xiaobei in his Holy demon form.
He walked unhurriedly, and all the soldiers of the dark shadow knelt on both sides of him, as if he were a King inspecting his Army.
“Brother! Why aren’t you dead yet?”
Blackpeak exploded like a firecracker and rushed to Chen Xiaobei’s side, extremely excited.
“What are you saying … Are you hoping for me to die?” Chen Xiaobei was speechless.
“No… I didn’t mean it that way.”
Blackpeak was truly overjoyed. He was so excited that he was already incoherent.”Aiya … I’m not good with words! All in all, it’s fine as long as you’re alive! It’s good that you’re alive!”
Of course, blackpeak could not be blamed for this!
It was mainly because the reversal of the situation was too huge.
Just a moment ago, everyone thought that Chen Xiaobei was going to die. They thought that everyone was going to die at the hands of the nether Soldier King.
Not only was Chen Xiaobei not dead, but he had also taken control of all the soldiers of The Dark World and had become the real hope of the soldiers.
Such a huge reversal, it almost dodged blackpeak’s waist!
It was no wonder he was so surprised and happy that he was incoherent.
“Xuan bei …”
Yun fanqing’s eyes flickered as she quickly wiped the tears off her face. Although she suppressed herself from going to Chen Xiaobei’s side, her heart that should have died came back to life.
Naturally, Yun fanqing was overjoyed that Chen Xiaobei was still alive.
This could even be said to be the only thing that could make her happy for a long time.
“Xuan bei! How did you do it? Why did these otherworldly soldiers submit to you? Why did they suddenly quiet down? And most importantly, did you get Chi You’s corpse?”
Of course, jialuo’s thoughts were not like Yun fanqing’s. His state of mind and intelligence were both superior to blackpeak’S. He cut straight to the point and asked Chen Xiaobei a bunch of questions.
“I don’t need to explain to you how I did it! Everyone has their own secrets, don’t they?”
“As for Chiyou’s body, I’ve already got it!” However, I want to hand it over to devil ancestor Wutian personally! Don’t even think about taking my credit!”
Obviously, Chen Xiaobei’s acting skills were at the level of a movie King.
Two or three sentences directly dispelled Jia Lou’s doubts, especially the last sentence, don’t even think about taking the credit, which vividly portrayed the greed and selfishness of a demon.
Jia Lou trusted Chen Xiaobei completely and said, ” “It’s definitely your credit for getting Chiyou’s corpse. Not only will I not fight with you, but I will also report to devil ancestor Wutian and meet you as soon as possible!”
“When the time comes, you’ll be handsomely rewarded and even become devil ancestor Wu Tian’s personal disciple! Your future will be limitless! This is my promise to you, to thank you for saving me and fan Qing!”
As an ancient demonic G.o.d, Jia Lou still had the pride of a senior and would not fight with Chen Xiaobei for credit.
Plus, Jia Lou was a reasonable man. If it was not for Chen Xiaobei, they would have all died at the entrance of the ruins, killed by the red fiend sky-treading Tiger, and killed by the dark fluid.
Chen Xiaobei had saved their lives three times.
Jialuo was grateful to Chen Xiaobei from the bottom of her heart. In addition to her trust in Chen Xiaobei, she had already treated Chen Xiaobei as one of her own.
“Then you should contact devil ancestor Wutian as soon as possible! I can’t wait to see him!” Chen Xiaobei’s brows twitched, and a murderous glint flashed across his dark eyes.
&Quot I can’t contact the outside world in the ancient desolate land, ” Jia Luo explained. &Quot I can only go to the entrance of the demon world and pay a visit to devil ancestor Wu Tian personally. Only then can I tell him about you! &Quot
“Isn’t that simple?” “Why don’t you just bring me along?” Chen Xiaobei laughed.
