Chapter 3761 - 3761 Chapter 3762-purpose
3761 Chapter 3762-purpose
His brows were tightly furrowed and his face was slightly green. The corner of his mouth twitched uncontrollably and his eyes widened more and more while his pupils kept shrinking. In the end, his slightly green face turned red from embarra.s.sment.
That’s right!
This was the look of extreme shock, extreme embarra.s.sment, and extreme embarra.s.sment on the face of the Jade Qilin Saint when he saw Chen Xiaobei’s wealth!
Right! His face hurt!
He, the Jade Qilin Saint, had looked down on Chen Xiaobei from the very beginning. Later on, he even despised and hated Chen Xiaobei.
However, the reality in front of him was like an invisible slap to his face. His face was swollen.
Three quadrillion inferior-grade spiritual jades were equivalent to three hundred billion middle-grade spiritual jades, or thirty million superior-grade spiritual jades.
This number wasn’t much for a Sage-to-be, but it was an astronomical number for an eight-star heaven immortal!
There must be something wrong with this abnormal situation!
Chen Xiaobei’s cultivation level was so low, but he had such a huge amount of wealth.
This was enough to prove that Chen Xiaobei was not as simple as he looked.
The Jade Qilin Saint had seen countless people. He had every reason to suspect that Chen Xiaobei’s true power far exceeded the 300 trillion low-grade spiritual jades.
[ who the h.e.l.l is this kid? ]
The Jade Qilin Saint was shocked. He looked at Chen Xiaobei in a completely different light and began to guess Chen Xiaobei’s ident.i.ty.
“Xuan bei … You … How do you have so many spiritual jades …”
On the other side, dugu zang Xian was also dumbfounded. He simply couldn’t believe his eyes.
When she first came to the heaven realm, she had already seen the value of spiritual Jade. For example, a one-star celestial immortal’s monthly salary in some places might be one piece of low-grade spiritual Jade!
From this, it could be seen that the reason why she had come straight to the Holy puppet city was, first, because she was worried about her own safety, and second, because she knew that it was extremely difficult to earn spirit jades. If she wanted to be safe and smooth, she had to find someone to rely on in the heaven realm.
And the facts proved that immortal dugu zang’s judgment was right!
She had decided that Chen Xiaobei was her support.
Chen Xiaobei’s wealth was so great that dugu zang Xian could not believe it!
And financial resources were often only a part of the foundation.
No matter how much dugu zang Xian thought, he could not imagine what Chen Xiaobei had done after he ascended to the heavenly realm. What did he gain? What kind of height had he reached?
All of this was like a dream, and dugu zang Xian couldn’t believe it.
&Quot I took these spiritual jades from some enemies. &Quot
Chen Xiaobei smiled and stood beside Lingyu mountain with his hands behind his back. He looked calm and confident.
It was obvious that these spiritual jades were the military expenses of the demon’s core military camp.
&Quot Childe … Childe Xuan bei, please keep all these spiritual jades … I don’t need to count anymore … &Quot
Jade Kylin Saint was still in shock, but his tone softened and he apologized, ” “I underestimated you just now! This old man apologizes to you …”
Although the Jade Qilin Saint had looked down on Chen Xiaobei, he was still a good person. He admitted his mistake and did not try to suppress Chen Xiaobei.
Chen Xiaobei was amenable to coaxing but not coercion, so when the other party’s att.i.tude became better, Chen Xiaobei would naturally give in, ” “The old man is too polite! It’s just that we don’t know each other well, which is why there’s a misunderstanding between us. There’s no need for an apology!”
“Hmm … Young master Xuan bei is indeed magnanimous!”
The Jade Qilin Saint nodded, pleased. His impression of Chen Xiaobei had improved.
He had made such a big joke of himself in front of his granddaughter. Luckily, Chen Xiaobei gave him a way out. Otherwise, he would not know where to put his face.
&Quot Xuan bei, hurry up and put away all these spiritual jades … They’re piled up like a mountain, and everyone in the city can see them. If you reveal your wealth, you’ll get into trouble! &Quot
Dugu zang quickly reminded Chen Xiaobei.
Chen Xiaobei was not in a hurry at all. He slowly put the spiritual Jade away.
The truth was, Chen Xiaobei did not release all the spiritual jades just to embarra.s.s the Jade Kylin Saint!
Chen Xiaobei’s real purpose was to let everyone in the city see the mountain!
Didn’t the demon master Kunpeng refuse guests?
Chen Xiaobei wanted to create some noise to lure the kun Peng out.
Outside the palace.
In the streets, this matter quickly spread like wildfire.
Some people who had the intention immediately pa.s.sed the news to the upper echelons of the Holy puppet city, and even the other six Saint Venerables.
Not long after, three Saint Venerables had come to ask about it.
Saint master Jade Kylin was the second direct disciple of the demon master kun Peng. The three Saint Masters who came were ranked fifth, sixth, and seventh respectively.
Although they were senior and junior brothers in name, they came from different races and had different ambitions. On the surface, they loved and helped each other, but they had never stopped fighting in the dark!
After all, the immeasurable catastrophe was coming, and the kun Peng would become the new Saint.
At this point, whoever among the seven Pro-disciples could suppress the others would be valued by Kunpeng and gain the upper hand in the cultivation tribulation.
Therefore, they would be extremely alert if there were any unusual movements.
The reason why these three Saint Venerables came personally was to test the truth.
Although the other three Saint Venerables did not come, they would soon receive the news.
“Greetings, second senior!”
No matter what the three Saint Venerables were thinking, they didn’t dare to show any disrespect to Yu Lin Saint venerable on the surface. They all greeted him with respect.
The three of them were his fifth disciple, Saint Jin Luan, his sixth disciple, Saint mo Luan, and his seventh disciple, Saint purple ROC.
The purple ROC Saint and Chen Xiaobei, dugu zang Xian, did have some grudges against each other.
However, since they had never met before, purple ROC Saint did not know Chen Xiaobei and dugu zang Xian. Naturally, he would not think of seeking revenge.
“Why are my three junior brothers here? Come in and sit!”
Saint Yu Lin invited the three saints into the hall and did not ask dugu zang Xian and Chen Xiaobei to leave.
Chen Xiaobei’s purple-gold dragon body was a very n.o.ble and revered bloodline to the ordinary demons.
However, to the three demon venerable, the bloodline of a nine-star heavenly G.o.d was not enough to enter their eyes.
Golden Phoenix Saint master was a five-star Mystic G.o.d with a three-star quasi-Sage Golden Phoenix bloodline.
Saint master mo Luan was a three-star Mystic G.o.d with a five-star quasi-Sage mo Luan bloodline.
Purple ROC Saint master, one-star Mystic deity, eight-star quasi-Sage purple ROC bloodline.
Although they hadn’t become sages-to-be yet, they all had the potential to become sages-to-be, and they would become great in the future!
Especially the purple ROC Saint. Although he had the lowest cultivation, his bloodline was very high and he was somewhat related to the kun Peng. Therefore, he was the most loved by the demon masters and was even raised as the successor!
