Chapter 3770 - 3770 Chapter 3771-long ears
3770 Chapter 3771-long ears
&Quot you know my eldest senior brother?! &Quot
Purple ROC Saint master was stunned as well, and his expression turned complicated, ” “However, it’s not strange. After all, my eldest brother used to be a disciple of the tribe of severity! He’s also one of the seven attendants of sect master Tongtian!”
&Quot seven attendants?! &Quot
&Quot I’ve only heard of the long-eared dingguang immortal. I don’t know anything about him! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said. Tell me the details! You’re not allowed to add anything, and you’re not allowed to miss anything!”
“Yes …”
Purple ROC Saint venerable really gave him a slap in the face. Why did he say so much out of nowhere? If this wasn’t handled well, he would offend eldest senior brother and it would be a loss.
However, purple ROC saint’s life was in Chen Xiaobei’s hands, so he had to say it. Furthermore, Chen Xiaobei could verify the truth later on, so purple ROC Saint would not dare to lie and would have to tell him the truth.
&Quot the so-called seven attendants are the disciples of the tribe of severity that sect leader Tongtian trusts very much. Although they’re not his direct disciples, they’ve been serving sect leader Tongtian all year round, so their status and cultivation are both extremely high! &Quot
“The long-eared dingguang immortal is ranked seventh among the seven attendants. Because of his young age, sect master Tongtian is more concerned about him and is particularly good to him! No! To be more precise, I should be treating him very, very well!”
“You have to know that the original form of the long-eared dingguang immortal was the most ordinary wild rabbit with extremely mediocre apt.i.tude! However, under the guidance of sect leader Tongtian, he stepped into the Super high realm of seven-star Sage-to-be!”
“It’s not hard to imagine how much effort sect master Tongtian has put into him! How many resources! It’s even comparable to a true disciple!”
“This? After betraying the tribe of Jie, the cultivation of the long-eared immortal of fixed light had not improved at all after one trillion years. It’s karma for what he did!”
Purple ROC Saint venerable slowly explained what he knew.
Chen Xiaobei’s face darkened when he heard the word ‘betrayal’.
“What? He betrayed the Jie sect? You betrayed my master?”
Chen Xiaobei was a man who valued friends.h.i.+p and loyalty, and he hated traitors the most.
Moreover, if sect master Tongtian treated the long-eared immortal of fixed light badly, he would not mind betraying him.
However, the long-eared dingguang immortal had been so kind to sect master Tongtian that it could even be said that he had been given a new life! However, he, the long-eared immortal of fixed light, had betrayed sect master Tongtian. He was simply cruel and unscrupulous. No! He was even worse than a dog!
When a dog was full, it could even shake its tail.
He, the long-eared fixed light immortal, had been fed, but he had chosen to betray.
“Speak! What did he do?!”
Chen Xiaobei’s aura became heavy, and a terrifying pressure filled the entire s.p.a.ce. It was as if a demonic G.o.d had descended.
“Hiss …”
Purple ROC sucked in a breath of cold air. His heart was beating wildly and his expression changed. He had to take a few deep breaths before he could get used to Chen Xiaobei’s aura.
“Speaking of which, this long-eared immortal of fixed light is really strange …”
Purple ROC Saint recalled,”it was the third immeasurable cultivation tribulation, the most critical moment of the battle between the tribe of severity and the tribe of enlightenment!” The G.o.d-killing sword formation of sect leader Tongtian was cracked by the four sages and twelve golden Immortals!”
“However, sect leader Tongtian still has another move, the ten thousand Immortals formation! This formation was created by sect master Tongtian himself, and he was the core of the formation! Its power is so terrifying that it’s even above the celestial eradication sword formation!”
“At that time, sect master Tongtian led 10000 disciples to form the ten thousand Immortals formation! The weakest person in the array was a high-stage perfected golden immortal, which was also a high-stage Mystic deity! The power of the formation was enough to suppress the combined power of the four Saints! Victory is in the bag!”
“However, no one expected a traitor to appear in the formation! It was the long-eared immortal of fixed light! Sect leader Tongtian trusted him very much and gave him the sacred weapon six soul banner!”
&Quot this six-soul flag is guarding the second array eye of the ten thousand immortal array, which is only second to the core! &Quot
“During the war, the long-eared dingguang immortal defected with the six-soul banner and surrendered to the Western religious sect! The second formation eye collapsed immediately, and the members of the tribe of severity didn’t cooperate well when they used the ten thousand Immortals formation for the first time. In the end, the formation was broken by the four sages!”
“Just like that, the Jie sect lost its strongest trump card and was completely defeated! The 10,000 disciples either died in battle or were captured by the enemy. Only a few managed to escape … You should know what happened after that …”
Purple ROC Saint took a deep breath. He felt that he was having a hard time resisting Chen Xiaobei’s increasing pressure.
This pressure was even comparable to that of the demon master kun Peng!
It was simply unbelievable!
“I’ll definitely make this dog thief die a horrible death!”
Chen Xiaobei’s face was dark, and his dark eyes were sharp enough to pierce through time and crush the universe. Even if the world collapsed, it would not change his killing intent!
“G.o.d Chen, please calm down … I … I’m still holding the heaven and earth purple flame feather fan … Please don’t accidentally hurt me …”
Purple ROC Saint was really under Chen Xiaobei’s pressure. He was afraid that Chen Xiaobei would lose his mind and start a ma.s.sacre.
“Don’t worry! I’m not a reckless man with courage but no brains!”
Chen Xiaobei calmed himself down. He was angry but he would not lose his mind.”Speaking of which, this long-eared immortal of fixed light has some similarities with your master, the kun Peng!”
“Similar? What do you mean by that?” Purple ROC Saint master was confused.
“Kun Peng betrayed Taiyi at the critical point of the Great War between the Sorcerer and demon tribes! The long-eared immortal dingguang betrayed my master at the critical point of the battle of Jie Du!”
Chen Xiaobei’s eyes narrowed as he made the decision, ” “Perhaps they’re all under the will of the heavenly Dao! That was why he had betrayed his own people in a war that he could have won! As a result, the ending is developing in the direction of the heavenly Dao!”
“G.o.d Chen! Do you want to die?”
Purple ROC Saint venerable gasped and quickly said,”This is the heaven realm! You’ll be punished by the heavens if you keep criticizing the heavenly Dao!”
&Quot hehe! The heavenly axiom doesn’t even know of my existence! Otherwise, I wouldn’t be alive to talk to you! &Quot Chen Xiaobei laughed.
“This … This …”
Purple ROC Saint was stunned for a moment and said in shock, ” “Yup! Why does the heavenly Dao not know of your existence? Why didn’t the heavenly path’s Saints know that you were still alive? This … Why is this happening?”
“Hehe, that’s not a question you should be asking!” Chen Xiaobei said.
&Quot yes, yes, yes … I’ve spoken too much … &Quot purple ROC Saint venerable swallowed his saliva. Who cared if he said another word?
In his opinion, Chen Xiaobei had the ability to hide from the heavenly Dao, so he must have more terrifying means.
He could not afford to provoke Chen Xiaobei!
“How should I deal with the long-eared dingguang immortal?”
Chen Xiaobei looked at the empty vault and his eyes lit up. &Quot “Hmph Hmph! I suddenly have a bold idea!”
