Chapter 3750 - 3750 Chapter 3751-discovery
3750 Chapter 3751-discovery
“It’s too late … Too late …”
Mo Luo Wu Tian did not reject Chen Xiaobei’s request. Instead, he kept saying that it was too late, as if something terrible was about to happen.
Crack … Crack … BOOM!
As expected, before Chen Xiaobei could react, the walls of the s.p.a.ce around him started to collapse.
Originally, this was a s.p.a.ce tunnel that was forcefully torn apart. With the suppression of the great formation formed by mo Luo Wutian and the 27 devil Saints, it was able to maintain the peace inside and not be affected by the spatial turbulence.
However, at this moment, Moro Wutian and the 27 devil Saints were already severely injured. The power of the formation could already be ignored.
In addition, the terrifying power fluctuations from the battle just now were constantly impacting the spatial wall.
Whoosh … Whoosh … Whoosh …
Finally, the s.p.a.ce wall was completely shattered. The terrifying s.p.a.ce turbulence suddenly became violent, crazily sweeping through every corner.
Chen Xiaobei could not resist the power of the spatial turbulence and was swept away.
However, Chen Xiaobei held on to the demonic mark tightly. No matter where it flew, he would not let go of this trump card.
At the same time, Moro Wutian and the 27 devil Saints were all severely injured. They were also swept up by the s.p.a.ce turbulence and flew in all directions without any pattern.
Fortunately, Yun fanqing and jialuo had been sent into the verdant Emperor’s divine gourd by Chen Xiaobei. Otherwise, they would have also been swept away by the spatial turbulence to an unknown place.
……
He didn’t know how much time had pa.s.sed or where he was.
Chen Xiaobei followed the spatial turbulence and arrived at an unknown spatial Rift.
“Chi …”
Then, Chen Xiaobei flew out of the spatial Rift. He was surrounded by blue seawater, and he could not see any living things.
There was also a special vortex around the spatial Rift.
Luckily, Chen Xiaobei had the water repelling Pearl with him, which allowed him to escape from the whirlpool. Any other creature would have died.
It was no wonder that there were no living things nearby.
“Phew …”
After leaving the vortex, Chen Xiaobei let out a sigh of relief. He looked at the demonic seal in his hand, feeling a mix of joy and worry.
He was happy because the demonic imprint was extremely powerful and was invincible under the Saint realm!
The worry was that the demonic mark was only temporarily without an owner. Once the special ability of the heaven-severing thought in mo Luo Wutian’s body disappeared, he would still be the owner of the demonic mark.
After all, the demonic Dao imprint was the same as the human Dao imprint. In order for it to acknowledge a master, one must first obtain the recognition of the imprint itself.
The person who was recognized by the demonic mark was mo Luo Wutian.
So, as long as mo Luo Wutian was still alive, the demonic mark would not recognize Chen Xiaobei as its master.
&Quot I don’t care. I’ll keep it first. It’s better to keep it in my hands than in the hands of mo Luo Wutian! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei put the demonic seal into his infinite s.p.a.ce ring and started to plan.
“I wonder where mo Luo Wutian will be sent to by the s.p.a.ce crack? He has been severely injured by the 27 devil Saints. If he dies, the devil Dao’s seal will be mine!”
Chen Xiaobei laughed, but he was also a little worried.”Also, who is the eighth heavenly path Sage he mentioned? If this person makes a move, there will be seven heavenly path sages. Will they be able to predict my movements?”
Obviously, this was an important question!
There were many ways to achieve sainthood. Among them, the two methods that sect leader Tongtian had given Chen Xiaobei were to achieve sainthood through force. It seemed that they did not require the approval of the heavenly Dao!
However, other methods, such as severing the three corpses to vindicate the Dao or vindicating the Dao with the immeasurable virtue … All required the approval of the heavenly Dao to succeed!
Back then, luohou, Houtu, and Taiyi were all not permitted by the heavenly way, so they could not become Saints.
In other words, this eighth Sage of the heavenly path was very likely to be someone who had completely submitted to the heavenly path.
In other words, they were Chen Xiaobei’s new enemies!
“No! I have to ask Mother Nuwa! Otherwise, if I’m not confident … If they can break through the protection of the human path seal, they will come and kill me in minutes!”
Chen Xiaobei was very cautious and immediately took out his jade talisman.
There was a signal.
From the looks of it, this vast ocean was already far away from the ancient Barrens.
“Lady Nuwa, are you free now?” I have something to ask you.
[ Nuwa: it’s convenient for me! ] Furthermore, there’s an extremely important matter that I have to tell you immediately!
Chen Xiaobei:
[ Nuwa: it’s like this … Just now, Dao ancestor personally calculated the traces of mo Luo Wu Tian! ] Furthermore, he had already sent heavenly Lord Yuans.h.i.+ to capture mo Luo Wusheng and bring him back to The Purple Cloud Palace in daluotian!
Chen Xiaobei,”this …”
Nuwa asked,”what?” You seem to know something?
Chen Xiaobei thought,’uh … I tricked mo Luo Wutian!’ He’s heavily injured now, and the demonic Dao seal is in my hands!
Nuwa: How … How did you do that? This was simply unbelievable!
Chen Xiaobei: ” my Dharmakaya has devoured jieyin’s blood essence and turned into a Holy demon. I’ll get close to mo Luo Wu Tian and kill him with a thought to cut the heavens while he’s not paying attention! &Quot
‘And then I’ll instigate the 27 demonic Saints to kill Wutian!’ In order to survive, he had no choice but to let me activate the demonic imprint! After that, I was swept into the spatial turbulence and took away the demonic imprint!
Nuwa said,”wonderful!” Wonderful! Wonderful! (Very surprised)
[ Nuwa: senior Tongtian was right. Xiaobei, you’re the biggest variable in the heavens. You’re the key to this immeasurable catastrophe! ] It even had the ability to change the future!
Chen Xiaobei,”you’re overpraising me …”
Nuwa: You don’t have to be so modest!
[ Nuwa: six great heavenly path sages, including Dao ancestor, have joined forces, but they still haven’t been able to defeat mo Luo Wu Tian after such a long time! ] But the moment you stepped in, you completely stomped him to the ground! He stepped on it tightly! Just based on this, you are already worthy of any praise!
Chen Xiaobei, G.o.ddess Nuwa, please stop complimenting me! The situation is extremely urgent. I just want to know what will happen to mo Luo Wu Tian after he is taken away by heavenly Lord Yuans.h.i.+. Would he be executed?
[ Nuwa: I’m not sure about this either … After mo Luo Wu Tian is brought back, I’m afraid it’s up to the heavenly Dao to decide how to deal with him! ] However, as long as he still had value, he should not be executed immediately!
Chen Xiaobei, this is troublesome! The first thing that mo Luo Wu Tian would do when he sees the heavenly Lord Yuans.h.i.+ would be to tell everyone that he was still alive!
Chen Xiaobei: ” the primeval Lord of heaven sees me as a thorn in his flesh. He’ll definitely report this to the heavenly axiom! &Quot At that time, the heavenly Dao will target me! Just like how you all stared at mo Luo Wutian in the past!
Nuwa agreed. It would definitely be like this! Mo Luo Wu Tian hates you now! Even if he’s going to be executed, he’ll definitely drag you down with him!
I heard from mo Luo Wu Tian that there will be an eighth heavenly path Saint! Who was this person? How long more before he became a Saint? Once this person appears, will he be able to track me down immediately?
