Chapter 3715 - 3715 Chapter 3716-heart of the devil
3715 Chapter 3716-heart of the devil
“I don’t know why …”
Yun fanqing shook her head. &Quot although this is the first time I’ve seen you, I have a feeling that I’ve known you for a long time. It’s like we’re old friends, and there’s an inexplicable sense of familiarity! &Quot
&Quot I see … &Quot Chen Xiaobei nodded.
Perhaps joining the devil had only erased Yun fanqing’s humanity and changed her faith at the same time.
However, some things in the depths of her heart might not have changed.
Chen Xiaobei was not sure if Yun fanqing, who had been possessed by the devil, could recover.
However, Chen Xiaobei was certain that as long as Yun fanqing still treated him as a friend, she would not be affected no matter what! It was a demon! Or something else! Chen Xiaobei would still treat her as a friend! Help her! Protect her! He would take revenge for her!
“Alright, let’s go! &Quot many people want to take credit for this mission. If we’re late, I’m afraid we won’t have a chance … &Quot Yun fanqing said in a deep voice.
&Quot alright … &Quot Chen Xiaobei calmed himself down.
After that, Chen Xiaobei deactivated his stealth ability and followed Yun fanqing to the North.
After their concealment was removed, Yuan she Sha and the others quickly used their essence soul domains to lock onto their positions and gathered around them.
“Fan Qing! Where are you going with him?” Jia Luo asked worriedly.
“That’s not important! What’s important is that I’ve invited him to go on a mission with us.” Yun fanqing said indifferently.
“This …”
Jia Lou hesitated for a moment and agreed, ” “Forget it. He’s a demon, so let’s go together …”
“Lord Jia Lou! That guy is a liar! We can’t let him go with us!” One of the young demons glared at Chen Xiaobei with hostility. He had no intention of accepting this new member.
“BOOM!”
At this moment, Yuan she Sha struck out with his palm, causing the young man to spit out blood and fly backward. He fell to the ground and stopped moving. No one knew whether he was dead or unconscious.
“Do you think you can question master Jia Lou’s decision?” Yuanshe Sha’s eyes widened in anger as he shouted in the direction of the man’s fall.
As soon as he said that, the remaining demon youths immediately shut their mouths and didn’t dare to say a word.
“Why are you in such a hurry to show your loyalty?” Yun fanqing glanced at Yuan she Sha coldly and said indifferently, ” “It seems like Jia Lou has already told you our ident.i.ties!”
“Yes, yes, yes …”
Yuan she Sha’s expression instantly changed, and he said with a big smile, ” &Quot Lord Jia Lou has already revealed his ident.i.ty. Don’t worry, we will definitely keep this a secret. Furthermore, we will follow your orders along the way! &Quot
As Yuan she Sha spoke, he nodded and bowed, extremely respectful and humble. Even if he had ten thousand guts, he would not dare to continue pursuing Yun fanqing.
“Everyone, listen up!”
Yun fanqing pointed at Chen Xiaobei and said, ” “He’s my friend! From now on, he’ll be working with us! He’s not in good health, so I order you to protect him!”
“Yes, sir!” Yuan she Sha and the others nodded in unison without a word of objection.
“Right, I haven’t asked for your name!” Yun fanqing asked Chen Xiaobei.
“Xuan bei!” Chen Xiaobei could not reveal his ident.i.ty, so he could only blurt out those two words.
&Quot Xuan … Bei … &Quot Yun fanqing’s face stiffened when she heard that, and her eyes could not help but waver.
“Fan Qing! Are you still thinking about Chen Xiaobei?”
Jia Luo frowned slightly and saw through Yun fanqing’s thoughts at a glance. He said coldly, ” “That kid is already dead! He was killed by a heavenly path Saint! Even the primordial spirit could not be preserved! He had completely disappeared from the three worlds and six paths, completely and thoroughly dead! Even sect master Tongtian can’t resurrect him!”
“Enough!”
Jia Lou’s face instantly turned cold, and a trace of pain flashed in the depths of his eyes. In a creepy tone, he said, &Quot I’m well aware of these things. I don’t need you to remind me! &Quot
&Quot I … &Quot Jia Luo was speechless.
It wasn’t because he had nothing to say, but because there was an intense pain in his heart.
Jia Lou was the reincarnation of an ancient devil. What kind of storms had he not seen? what kind of hards.h.i.+ps had he not suffered? However, at this moment, she was still tormented by the intense pain in her heart.
He even raised his hand to cover his chest and took deep breaths, but he still couldn’t adjust.
“What … What’s going on?”
“Yun fanqing, jialuo, why is your heart aching?” Chen Xiaobei asked. This is too strange!”
“You don’t understand!”
&Quot I’m her twin, ” Jia Luo said helplessly. &Quot it’s her heart that’s hurting, so I’m also hurting … &Quot
“Her heart ached?” Chen Xiaobei looked at Yun fanqing.
Her face was cold and her eyes were sharp. She was no different from before, and no pain could be seen at all!
Unless … She was holding it in!
Even Jia Luo couldn’t bear the heartache, but Yun fanqing was able to remain calm and composed.
It was clear that Chen Xiaobei’s death had a huge impact on Yun fanqing. Perhaps, she had been suffering from a sharp pain in her heart every day, and as time went by, she had become numb.
Fan Qing …
Chen Xiaobei was not stupid. He immediately understood Yun fanqing’s feelings for him.
It turned out that this girl had always liked him. She liked him deeply, a love that was engraved in the bones of the people.
Even though Yun fanqing had become a demon, his feelings for Chen Xiaobei did not change. When the news of Chen Xiaobei’s death spread, Yun fanqing’s heart died with him.
On the contrary, it was Jia Luo who suffered.
Every time Yun fanqing thought of Chen Xiaobei, her heart would ache. Jia Luo could feel the pain as well, so he could only feel it.
&Quot fanqing, nothing is absolute in this world. Maybe that Chen Xiaobei still has a chance to live? ”
Chen Xiaobei tried to persuade her, ” &Quot you should relax your mind first and focus on the things in front of you. After some time, you might be able to turn things around! &Quot
&Quot that’s impossible … &Quot Yun fanqing shook her head and said, ” &Quot he can’t possibly withstand Daoist jieyin’s attack! &Quot
&Quot what if I can … &Quot Chen Xiaobei really wanted to admit his true ident.i.ty. He did not want to see Yun fanqing suffer anymore.
However, there was no doubt that now was not the time!
If Chen Xiaobei’s ident.i.ty was revealed, he would face countless powerful enemies, and the consequences would be many times more dangerous than the war in the heavenly court!
“There’s no” what if “!”
Yun fanqing composed herself and said seriously after calming herself down.
“You don’t have to comfort me! I know that the dead can not be brought back to life! However, I will never sink into depression! I’ll do everything I can because in the near future, I’ll personally take revenge for Xiao bei!”
“Re … Revenge?” he asked. Chen Xiaobei’s heart tightened, ” “Who do you want to take revenge on?”
“Who?”
Yun fanqing’s eyes narrowed, and there was a blood-red light hidden in the depths of his eyes. &Quot “One day, I will turn the Western Paradise into a h.e.l.l of despair! I want that Daoist jieyin to die without a burial place! “I want the heavenly Dao to be completely annihilated!”
