Chapter 3744 - 3744 Chapter 3745-eliminating demons
3744 Chapter 3745-eliminating demons
Chen Xiaobei’s voice silenced the entire place. Everyone’s eyes were fixed on him, and their expressions were complicated.
Shocking! Astonishment! Doubt! Envy! Jealousy …
None of them believed that Chen Xiaobei would be able to complete the mission. They even suspected that Chen Xiaobei would die there, or that he would just run away.
But now, not only was Chen Xiaobei unscathed, he had also returned as promised.
Since Chen Xiaobei dared to return, the mission must have been completed. Next, he would be rewarded by mo Luo Wutian!
From today on, the sub-ancestor of the devil World would stand proudly at the top of the core power of the devil World, suppressing the 27 sages-to-be around him!
Because of this, everyone’s emotions were extremely complicated.
On the other hand, Yun fanqing heaved a sigh of relief. Since Xuan bei was back, he was not Chen Xiaobei and would not die at the hands of mo Luo Wutian.
“Very good! I didn’t misjudge you!”
Mo Luo Wu Tian opened his eyes again and looked at Chen Xiaobei. He praised, ” “I’ll always remember the contribution you’ve made for me today! My promise to you is also valid! From now on, you are the ancestor of the devil World! Under your own will, all living beings in the demon world will see you as an ancestral Saint! He’ll be respectful and obedient to you!”
It was obvious that mo Luo Wutian was in a very good mood at the moment.
First of all, xuanbei was not Chen Xiaobei. The demonic world had one more Star of Hope, and one less threat!
Secondly, with the candle Dragon’s corpse in his hands, mo Luo Wu Tian could finally start his plan to defy the natural order!
To mo Luo Wu Tian, today was definitely an important day. It was a historical moment that was worth celebrating, cheering for, and forever remembered!
“Lord ancestor devil! You’re not kind!”
However, Chen Xiaobei suddenly put on a dissatisfied expression and said, ” “I’ve made a great contribution to you, and you’re going to give me an empty t.i.tle and send me away?”
The twenty-seven devil Saints were so angry that they wanted to Hang Chen Xiaobei up and beat him up 108000 times!
It should be known that the 27 sages-to-be had followed mo Luo Wu Tian for more than a trillion years and had made countless contributions. However, they had never had the chance to touch the lofty honor of the devil world’s sub-ancestor!
Chen Xiaobei was an eight-star celestial being who could suppress the twenty-seven demonic Saints and he was still not satisfied?
This was simply infuriating!
“The name of the devil world’s sub-ancestor will be your name from now on! From this moment on, you are my, mo Luo Wu Tian’s, brother! If you still want anything, just say it! I will definitely satisfy you!”
Mo Luo Wu Tian said indifferently, without much emotional fluctuation.
His words were naturally very beautiful. He kept his promise, valued relations.h.i.+ps, and was generous. Those who did not know would think that he, mo Luo Wutian, was a gentleman.
He could lie to others but not Chen Xiaobei!
Back then, he, mo Luo Wutian, had claimed that he would form an alliance with Chen Xiaobei and had said a lot of pretty words.
However, when Chen Xiaobei was in trouble collecting the humanity mark, he, mo Luo Wutian, took advantage of the situation and threatened Chen Xiaobei to become demonic in order to help him!
What made Chen Xiaobei even angrier was the fact that mo Luo Wutian had the audacity to plot against Yun fanqing! He had turned a girl who was as pure as water into this demonic appearance with white hair and blood-red eyes!
Luckily, Yun fanqing was not completely possessed by the devil, or else Chen Xiaobei would never be able to rest in peace.
That was why Chen Xiaobei would not believe what he said.
“Since Lord fiend ancestor is so forthright, then I won’t be coy either!”
Chen Xiaobei raised the price, ” “I want a drop of the world extinguis.h.i.+ng Saint marrow! If Lord ancestor devil is able to satisfy this, then my contribution this time will not be in vain!”
“What?”
Everyone was shocked by his words.
The core members of the demonic world were all around them. They all knew that there was only one last drop of the world-extinguis.h.i.+ng sacred marrow left, which was more precious than any other treasure.
Chen Xiaobei’s request for the world-extinguis.h.i.+ng sacred marrow was like stabbing a knife into Molo Wutian’s heart. He wanted to cut off the flesh of his heart. This was too cruel!
“Can you change your request?”
Mo Luo Wutian’s expression changed slightly. He could no longer hide his hypocritical nature.
Just a moment ago, he was still saying that he would satisfy Chen Xiaobei’s every request.
At this moment, he was going to go back on his words and go back on his word. He was simply hypocritical to the point of shamelessness.
It was no wonder that Chen Xiaobei did not believe him at all!
“I just want the world-extinguis.h.i.+ng sacred marrow!”
Chen Xiaobei refused to give in and said, ” “The great ancestor devil is a man of his words! Are the words you just said not counted in the blink of an eye?”
“I …”
Mo Luo Wutian was at a loss for words. His expression gradually turned gloomy, and his eyes revealed a faint trace of anger.
Chen Xiaobei’s words were both a threat and a slap to mo Luo Wu Tian’s face. It was very embarra.s.sing for him.
As the Grand fiend ancestor, no one had ever dared to embarra.s.s mo Luo Wutian like Chen Xiaobei.
More importantly, there were 27 devil Saints and jialuo Yun fanqing watching. Mo Luo Wutian’s old face was about to be completely lost.
“Xuan bei! You, come over here!”
Mo Luo Wutian composed himself and gradually restrained his anger. He said calmly, ” “Come to my side! Let me take a look at the candle Dragon’s corpse first. If you give me the corpse, I will give you a drop of the world extinguis.h.i.+ng Saint marrow!”
It was very strange. Just a second ago, mo Luo Wu Tian was still faintly angry, but now, he suddenly chose to give in.
Those with discerning eyes could see that there must be a huge variable in this!
“Xuan bei!”
Yun fanqing called out, trying to remind Chen Xiaobei not to go over.
“It’s fine, I believe in Lord ancestor devil!”
However, Chen Xiaobei was not afraid at all. He walked straight towards mo Luo Wutian.
He said he believed her, but in his heart, he was actually saying,’I don’t believe you!’ Would you be so kind as to give me the world-ending sacred marrow? Unless the sun rose from the North!
Obviously, Chen Xiaobei was well-prepared for this.
Very quickly, Chen Xiaobei was two meters away from mo Luo Wutian.
“I’ll ask you one more time. Are you sure you want the world-extinguis.h.i.+ng sacred marrow?”
Mo Luo Wu Tian squinted his eyes and asked with a deeper meaning.
“I’m sure!”
Chen Xiaobei nodded with certainty.
“Heh, as expected of a descendant of our demon race! How greedy! But unfortunately, you seem to have forgotten that I’m also a demon!”
&Quot Chen Xiaobei! &Quot demonic Luo Wutian’s eyes narrowed, and his celestial core power surged and enveloped Chen Xiaobei.”I’m also very greedy! You want to touch my core interests, so I can’t let you Live!”
“You don’t talk about integrity, you don’t talk about friends.h.i.+p! In order to achieve their goals, they would do anything! Is this what a demon is?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“Right! This is the devil!” Mo Luo Wutian did not try to hide anything and admitted everything.
“In that case …”
Chen Xiaobei said, ” “I must exterminate the devil!”
