Chapter 3717 - 3717 Chapter 3718-found a treasure
3717 Chapter 3718-found a treasure
“Sir, you’re being too serious … We black demon hunters don’t deserve to respect …”
The black demon Hunter Captain lowered his head, his tone submissive, his entire being appearing extremely humble.
Clearly, the mo liked to fight and were fierce, wors.h.i.+ping the strong.
For example, the black demon Hunter clan’s strength was extremely weak. In the demon world, they were the lowest level of existence.
If it weren’t for their special ability to smell, they wouldn’t even be qualified to join the army. They could only live like bugs in the darkest and dirtiest places of the demon world.
Respect?
This kind of thing sounded very familiar, but the black demon Hunter Clan had almost never truly obtained it.
“Don’t be so nervous, I’m different from the other demons! Maybe we can be friends and respect each other!”
Although Chen Xiaobei had the face of a Holy demon, it was the gentle smile on his face that created a strong contrast and moved people’s hearts!
“This lowly one wouldn’t dare! &Quot I wouldn’t dare … &Quot to be honest, the black demon Hunter Captain was touched by Chen Xiaobei’s smile, but his deep-rooted mindset made him not dare to claim connections with Chen Xiaobei.
“It seems that you still don’t believe me!” Chen Xiaobei said, ” “I’ll tell you the truth!”
&Quot please … Please speak … &Quot the black demon Hunter Captain immediately became serious, all ears.
“You should be able to see that I have the potential to become a saint demon. However, I have never become the direct disciple of mo Luo Wu Tian because I want to change the demon world! Or, to put it more bluntly, I want to replace him!”
Chen Xiaobei squinted his eyes as he spoke, staring at the black demon Hunter captain’s expression and reaction.
Without a doubt, Chen Xiaobei’s words were the most heinous crime in the demon race. If the black demon Hunter Captain did anything, Chen Xiaobei would have to kill him to silence him.
“My Lord! You can’t just say that!”
However, the black demon Hunter Captain did not seem to blame Chen Xiaobei. Instead, he lowered his voice and said, ” “My Lord! It’s fine for you to say this to me … But if anyone else were to hear this, you’ll definitely die!”
“Don’t worry!”
“This is the first time I’m saying this!” Chen Xiaobei smiled. No one else will know a word about it!”
“First time?” “Then why are you telling me?” the black demon Hunter Captain was dumbfounded.
“Since you’ve asked, I’ll be frank with you! These words might be a little unpleasant to hear, so you have to be mentally prepared!”
Chen Xiaobei said, ” “You black demon hunters are the lowest cla.s.s of the demon world! No freedom! He had no dignity! No power! No status! It can be said that other than a rotten life, you have nothing to lose!”
“This …”
The black demon Hunter Captain was taken aback, but he didn’t have any intense reaction, only calmly saying, ” “Your Excellency is right! In fact, we’ve been used to hearing even worse words than yours since we were young!”
On the other hand, Chen Xiaobei’s expression changed.
He had never thought that the black demon Hunter Clan would be so lowly.
“So, don’t you want to change the status quo?”
Chen Xiaobei said, ” &Quot use your rotten lives to exchange for everything that you didn’t have before!!! &Quot
“I … I …”
The black demon Hunter captain’s mind and body were both trembling slightly.
It seemed that he had been successfully brainwashed by Chen Xiaobei.
“I want to!”
Finally, the black demon Hunter Captain released himself from the extreme pressure.”I, blackpeak, am willing to lead the entire black demon Hunter Clan and submit to my Lord! Mo Luo Wutian has been unkind to us, so don’t blame us for being disloyal! We’ll change our way of living if we risk our rotten lives!”
Obviously, the demon race’s belief was related to benefits!
Mo Luo Wu Tian did not care about the interests of the black demon Hunter Clan at all.
On the contrary, Chen Xiaobei could give them everything they had never experienced before.
The black demon Hunter Clan naturally knew what to choose!
Of course, in the black demon Hunter captain’s eyes, Chen Xiaobei was still very weak. He could not bring them any real benefits.
Therefore, the two sides only formed an alliance.
However, if in the future, the black demon hunters were to receive benefits from Chen Xiaobei, their faith would change to Chen Xiaobei.
After all, Chen Xiaobei was a real Holy demon!
The reason why the black demon Hunter Captain had formed an alliance with Chen Xiaobei, other than being brainwashed, was because of Chen Xiaobei’s talent!
If Chen Xiaobei lost, the captain of the black demon Hunter team could get rid of Chen Xiaobei.
However, if Chen Xiaobei won, then the black demon hunters ‘future would be bright.
&Quot alright, since we’re allies now, you can relax and finish what you wanted to say. What do you want to remind everyone about? ”
Chen Xiaobei’s tone was very calm, as if he was talking to a friend.
Obviously, Chen Xiaobei was not just brainwas.h.i.+ng them. If they were willing to treat him with sincerity, Chen Xiaobei would not let them down.
Friends! It’s sincerity for sincerity!
The black demon Hunter Captain could feel Chen Xiaobei’s respect for him. &Quot “I just wanted to remind you that there is the aura of a living thing in the ruins, and it is very powerful! In addition, there are poisonous gases in the ruins. It’s best to prepare some antidotes!”
Chen Xiaobei was a little confused. &Quot “It’s such an important matter and they didn’t want to listen to you. Do you want to see them all die inside?”
“My Lord, don’t worry!”
&Quot the people who came today are almost all the great n.o.bles of the demon Realm, ” the black demon Hunter Captain said. &Quot everyone has a life-saving method in their hands, and a few of them even brought heavenly G.o.d-tier bodyguards. Of course they’ll live well! &Quot
“I see …”
Chen Xiaobei then asked, ” &Quot I have another question. Recently, mo Luo Wutian has been sending people to excavate something … That thing, was it also discovered by your black demon Hunter Clan? ”
“Excavate? Are you talking about the wizard ancestor’s corpse?”
The black demon Hunter Captain didn’t hide anything.”That’s right. Our treasure hunting team has smelled the scent of two special corpses. We can confirm that these two corpses are unique existences in this world! If I’m not mistaken, it’s the corpse of a wizard ancestor!”
It was obvious that there were many races in the universe.
However, the only corpses that could be found were the twelve ancestors of Sorcery!
Their true bodies had unique bloodline forms. Other than the twelve of them, no other living beings could grow a body like theirs.
Even within the Sorcerer tribe, no one was like them.
It was precisely because of this that the black demon Hunter squad was able to confirm that it was the corpse of the Grand Wizard.
That was why mo Luo Wutian had spent so much effort to dig it up.
“I’ve really picked up a treasure!”
Chen Xiaobei looked at the captain of the black demon hunters, and a meaningful smile appeared on his face.
