Chapter 3789 - 3789 Chapter 3790-too much
3789 Chapter 3790-too much
Nuwa: ” at present, the Dao ancestor hasn’t conveyed the will of the heavenly Dao. Therefore, my view on this matter can only remain on the surface! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei:
Nuwa said, ” according to my observation, The Purple Cloud Palace was in complete chaos just now. It seems that the Kunpeng is very important. You must hold on to this bargaining chip. Maybe you can save senior brother Tongtian! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei thought,”I think so too!” In addition, the kun Peng was a chess piece of the heavenly Dao, and it also had the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark on its body! Therefore, the value of this bargaining chip is enough to exchange for my master!
&Quot but I’m afraid that the heavenly axiom will do something to us when we switch people, ” Chen Xiaobei thought. &Quot or it might go back on its word and kill me and Sifu instead … &Quot
[ Nuwa: I didn’t expect this! ] The kun Peng is more important than I thought! As for your worry, it’s completely necessary!
Nuwa said,”we can’t be sure what the heavenly Dao is!” We don’t know what he’s capable of! If he does something or counterattacks, the situation will be completely out of our control!
[ Nuwa: my advice to you is to control kun Peng first. When the time comes, you can use him for negotiation! ]
Chen Xiaobei,”when is the right time?”
[ Nuwa: for example, when we have a better understanding of the heavenly Dao and are more confident! ] Another example was when he thought of a way to ensure that the heavenly Dao would not play any tricks! This kind of thing needed an opportunity and couldn’t be rushed!
Chen Xiaobei: I will think of a way to understand the heavenly Dao as much as possible!
Chen Xiaobei: ” Oh right! How’s mo Luo Wutian doing? ” Did he express his stance? Did he betray the demonic path? Or should he keep his mouth shut?
[ Nuwa: it’s obvious that mo Luo Wu Tian doesn’t want to lose the mark of the diabolism. Therefore, he can’t betray the diabolism. So, he didn’t reveal anything about you for the time being! ]
Chen Xiaobei,’doesn’t he know that I’ve been exposed?
[ Nuwa: I don’t know yet. He’s been locked up in isolation. He won’t have a chance to know! ]
[ if you have the chance, lady Nuwa, why don’t you go and remind him? let him know that the news that I’m still alive has already been made public! ]
Nuwa asked,”why is that?” (Puzzled)
[ Chen Xiaobei: mo Luo Wu Tian’s biggest bargaining chip is that he knows about me! ] He knew the secret of the human path and demonic path imprints! He didn’t want to betray the demonic path, so he kept the secret to his death!
Chen Xiaobei thought,’but what if he finds out that the secret he has is no longer a secret!’ His mentality would start to change!
Nuwa said,”I understand!” You mean to let mo Luo Wu Tian know that he is about to lose his value and could be wiped out at any time! This way, he might choose to betray the demonic path!
Chen Xiaobei: Since everyone already knows that I’m alive, I’m not afraid of mo Luo Wutian turning to the Taoist faction! On the contrary, I hope that he will betray the demonic path as soon as possible. That way, I can control the demonic imprint!
“No problem!” Nuwa replied. I’ll find a chance to remind mo Luo Wu Tian! As for whether he betrayed the demonic Dao, it would only be known when the time came!
Chen Xiaobei: ” it’s fine. I don’t have the eighth new Sage now anyway. I’m not in a hurry to get the demonic mark! &Quot He had plenty of time to wait!
[ Nuwa: you can’t let your guard down either! ] Even though you’ve taken down the kun Peng, there are still others in the universe who can become the new Sage!
Chen Xiaobei, who else is there? (Shocked)
Chen Xiaobei had thought that it would be a relief to take down kun Peng since becoming a saint was not easy.
He didn’t expect that there would be so many new Saint candidates.
Nuwa, for those who were half a step into the true sage realm, had the Buddha of many treasures! The Grand deity Zhen Yuan! It was patriarch Minghe! Ancestor Red Cloud! The peac.o.c.k Wisdom King! Daolord Lu ya!
Nuwa was a person with great talent and opportunities. The tribe of humanity had the great master xuandu and the sword ancestor lü dongbin! There was the demon sect’s ancestor Dragon, the seven-colored Phoenix, and the nine-colored Qilin! There was Guangchengzi of the clan of enlightenment, immortal Yuding, and Daoist dipamkara! The Western religious sect had Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, Guan Yin, and Maitreya Buddha!
[ Nuwa: in addition, there are four candidates for reincarnation of the ancient Immortals! ] Emperor Jun of the West! The wizard ancestor Xuan Ming! Holy Mother gold spirit! Holy Mother turtle spirit!
[ Nuwa: all the things I’ve mentioned have the potential to become sages after beheading the three corpses! ] If they were willing to submit, the heavenly Dao could naturally choose a new Saint from them!
Chen Xiaobei thought,’no way … There are so many of them … It’s almost impossible to stop the emergence of the eighth Saint!’
Nuwa agreed. The eighth Sage would definitely appear, it was just a matter of time! Therefore, you must not let your guard down. You must always be prepared for the worst!
Chen Xiaobei: I’ll be very careful!
Nuwa said, ” of course. Kunpeng has the mark of the demonic Fire Red Lotus and 99% of Houtu’s merits. So, if possible, the heavenly way still wants Kunpeng to become a Sage! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei, I understand what you mean! Although the eighth Sage will definitely appear, I should still be safe in the short term!
[ Nuwa: remember the names I just mentioned. If you can form an alliance, do it as soon as possible! ] This way, he could reduce the number of enemies as much as possible and protect himself!
Chen Xiaobei: I will definitely remember it! After all, among these people, there are people I need to protect and also my close allies. I will find them as soon as possible and settle this matter!
Chen Xiaobei: ” also, kun Peng’s body is extremely strong. Even though I’ve injured him, he’s recovering very quickly. Does G.o.ddess Nuwa have any way to suppress him? ” Otherwise, I’ll always have a bomb by my side, and I won’t be able to feel at ease!
Nuwa said,”I have a way, but if I make a move, Kunpeng will know that I’ve allied with you!” If you want to use the kun Peng to make a deal with the heavenly Dao, I will be exposed!
[ since lady Nuwa is making things difficult for me, I’ll think of another way. ]
Nuwa said,”don’t worry. I’ll ask senior brother Cundi later and see if he has a way!”
Chen Xiaobei,”alright, I’ll be waiting!”
Obviously, the talisman in Chen Xiaobei’s hand came from Taoist Cundi.
This heavenly path Saint was very interesting. Although he was one of the two saints of the West, he had always been protecting Sun Wukong.
It was like the prime of Tongtian protecting Chen Xiaobei.
The reason why Cundi gave Chen Xiaobei the talisman was to ensure Sun Wukong’s safety in the ancient Barrens.
Sun Wukong’s cultivation was not low, but the ancient Barrens was the territory of the Sorcerer tribe when they were at their strongest. The dangers were self-evident.
Chen Xiaobei had a close relations.h.i.+p with the witch tribe, so he was the best person to protect Sun Wukong.
That was why Cundi chose Chen Xiaobei.
Moreover, Taoist Cundi was probably the first one to figure out that Chen Xiaobei was not dead, but he had kept his mouth shut.
It could be seen that Cundi was not loyal to the way of heaven.
Now that mother Nuwa was asking him for help, perhaps she could go one step further and confirm their alliance!
Ding! Congratulations! s.n.a.t.c.hing Cundi’s Red envelope, he received …
