Chapter 3745 - 3745 Chapter 3746-arrest
3745 Chapter 3746-arrest
&Quot you what!!!??? &Quot
Chen Xiaobei only said the words ‘I will get rid of the demon’, but it was like a thunderclap that struck everyone. They were so shocked that they even thought that they had heard wrong.
This was the territory of the demon race! All around him were the core high-level rulers of the devil World!
Eliminate the devil?
What kind of international joke was this?
This was simply courting death with the 360-degree spiral burst style!
“You little brat! Who the h.e.l.l are you! How dare he disrespect The Fiend ancestor! Don’t you know how to spell the word “death”?”
“Idiot! A mere eight-star heaven immortal dared to speak so arrogantly here! Eliminate the devil? How many lives do you have?”
“Little b.a.s.t.a.r.d! Die! I’ll destroy your physical body and crush your Dharmakaya. Then, I’ll throw your primordial spirit into the evil devil flame and burn it for 80000 years. You’ll die in endless pain and regret!”
“Let me … Let me kill him … I’ll …”
All of a sudden, the 27 devil Saints around them were all furious. They fought to kill Chen Xiaobei. One, they wanted to protect the dignity of the devil race. Two, they wanted to please mo Luo Wutian!
Under such circ.u.mstances, jialuo did not dare to plead for Chen Xiaobei. Yun fanqing wanted to do so, but she knew that Chen Xiaobei had already committed a huge sin. No matter how much she begged, it would be useless!
Today, Chen Xiaobei would die!
“Be quiet!”
However, at this moment, mo Luo Wutian’s expression was calm. It was as if he was a Supreme Overlord who controlled the entire situation, sitting at the peak and smiling at the clouds. No matter what happened, he would be able to deal with it calmly.
In an instant, the 27 devil Saints who were hot-tempered all quieted down. They would never dare to disobey mo Luo Wutian’s will.
“I’m very curious, how are you going to get rid of the devil?”
Mo Luo Wu Tian squinted his eyes and looked at Chen Xiaobei with great interest, as if he was looking at a funny little ant.
From the very beginning, mo Luo Wutian had already seen through Chen Xiaobei’s cultivation, and even his injured primordial spirit.
He was just an eight-star celestial immortal. Even if he did not fight back or defend himself, Chen Xiaobei would not be able to hurt him.
Eliminate the devil?
This was simply an extremely funny joke!
“If you knew who I am, you wouldn’t be asking this!”
Chen Xiaobei’s brows were raised, but he was calm and collected, exuding a domineering aura that seemed to control everything.
“Who are you? Is that important?”
Mo Luo Wutian laughed. &Quot do you know that I only need a single thought from me? even if you have billions of lives, you will be reduced to ashes. You will die without a complete corpse! &Quot
“Whoosh …”
Suddenly, Chen Xiaobei’s mind moved, and a blood-red swastika appeared on his demonized Dharmakaya.
In an instant, Chen Xiaobei had transformed back into his original form!
“You really aren’t a demon!”
Mo Luo Wutian’s eyes focused. The relaxed calmness on his face was instantly broken. Even his heart could not help but clench.”You … You … Could you be …”
&Quot Xiaobei!!! &Quot
Without waiting for mo Luo Wutian to finish his words, Yun fanqing had already screamed. His eyes were instantly wet, and the tears could not be held back. They quickly poured down and wet his entire face.
&Quot Chen … Chen … Chen … Chen Xiaobei! &Quot
In the next moment, the 27 great demon Saints, including mo Luo Wutian, let out an incredulous cry.
All of them were so shocked that their faces changed and their bodies trembled. What master’s demeanor, what ruler’s dignity, all of them were instantly broken! Instead, they were like a group of frightened cowards, restless and uneasy!
Although Chen Xiaobei’s cultivation was low, his legend had spread all over the world.
The fact that Chen Xiaobei was able to survive a saint’s attack in the heavenly court was enough to shock everyone!
Moreover, Chen Xiaobei’s reputation as the most unscrupulous merchant in the Three Realms was already terrifying!
Calculative, intelligent, hidden cards, schemes … All these qualities made everyone instinctively afraid of Chen Xiaobei. They were afraid that if they were not careful, they would be tricked by Chen Xiaobei and start to doubt their lives.
At this moment, even mo Luo Wu Tian was shocked to the point of being a little dazed. Even his thoughts had short-circuited for a moment. He had no idea how to face this!
“Yinian! Sky severing!”
The reason why Chen Xiaobei had suddenly changed back to his original form was to confuse his enemy! It would make everyone at the scene instantly lose their focus, and then fight for a good opportunity to get rid of the demon!
Chen Xiaobei was standing right in front of mo Luo Wutian, and Mo Luo Wutian’s mind had short-circuited due to the shock, and his defense was slowed down by half a beat!
Moreover, deep down, he had already decided that if Xuan bei returned, he would not be Chen Xiaobei! So, before Chen Xiaobei made his move, mo Luo Wutian was not prepared at all!
Of course, the most, most, most important point was that at this moment, mo Luo Wutian had to suppress the formation and could not move at will!
Under such circ.u.mstances, it was impossible for mo Luo Wutian to Dodge the attack of the heaven severing with a thought!
“Whoos.h.!.+”
The power of his special ability instantly blasted into mo Luo Wutian’s body.
Although mo Luo Wu Tian was a peak stage Sage-to-be, the heaven severing with a thought was a true sage level primordial spirit attack!
The consequences could be imagined!
“Uh …”
With a miserable howl, mo Luo Wutian’s primordial spirit was severely injured. The circulation of his celestial core power was forcibly cut off, and he could not exert any strength at all.
Furthermore, the injury to his primordial spirit had severely affected his mind. For a moment, he felt dizzy, his ears were ringing, and he couldn’t even use his physical strength.
“Bang …”
Unable to support his body, mo Luo Wutian’s entire body fell sideways, unable to even get up.
Chen Xiaobei looked down at him and laughed evilly, ” “Speaking of which, I still have to thank you for your world extinguis.h.i.+ng saint G.o.d pill! Help me heal my primordial spirit. Otherwise, I won’t be able to use the heaven severing with a thought!”
“Pfft …”
Demonic Luo Wutian was already severely injured, and after being provoked by Chen Xiaobei, he was so angry that he spat out a mouthful of blood.
This was a typical case of digging one’s own grave!
He took out a quasi-Saint pill to cure Chen Xiaobei, and Chen Xiaobei gave him a Saint-level primordial spirit attack.
It was simply too ironic!
&Quot arrest him … Arrest Yun fanqing! &Quot
Mo Luo Wutian was paralyzed on the ground. He used almost all of his strength and roared hysterically.
It was obvious that mo Luo Wutian was a true top-notch hero. Even if he had fallen into the most desperate situation, he could still calmly think about the problem.
Chen Xiaobei had indeed defeated him!
However, he could still control Yun fanqing!
Who would have the last laugh was still an unknown!
“Swis.h.!.+”
Jia Luo immediately took a step forward and placed a divine talisman that could seal his celestial core power on Yun fanqing’s back. At the same time, he quickly reached out and grabbed Yun fanqing’s throat.
