Chapter 3768 - 3768 Chapter 3769-new Lord
3768 Chapter 3769-new Lord
“Swis.h.!.+”
Chen Xiaobei took a step forward and charged forward.
Opening the chaos had given Chen Xiaobei a one-star Mystic Divine power!
The Black Lotus of destructions allowed Chen Xiaobei to be invincible among one-star Mystic Divine realm cultivators!
“d.a.m.n that Chen Xiaobei! You are indeed the number one profiteer of the Three Realms! How treacherous!”
Purple ROC Saint was both shocked and furious. He finally understood the whole situation, ” “No wonder you dared to lure me here. It turns out that you’ve already prepared a trump card to win! It seems like you want to kill me, right?”
“Woof!”
As purple ROC Saint master spoke, he took out a purple flame feather fan!
As the son of the Golden-winged ROC and loved by the demon master kun Peng, how could purple ROC Saint not have a life-saving trump card?
“Universe purple flame feather fan! A five-star profound divine artifact! Let’s see how you, Chen Xiaobei, can fight me!”
Purple ROC Saint master waved his hand and instantly activated the power of the heaven and earth purple flame feather fan.
Chen Xiaobei was fast, but the heaven and earth purple flame feather fan was faster!
“Whoos.h.!.+”
In an instant, thousands of purple flames burst out and turned into a purple flame ROC that spanned thousands of miles!
It was as if the vault of heaven had collapsed and a world-destroying giant demon had suddenly descended. The terrifying pressure was enough to make anyone tremble, fear, and kneel down to beg for mercy!
“Hiss!”
The ROC’s power was four levels higher than Chen Xiaobei’s pseudo realm. Its speed and strength were countless times stronger!
With a deafening screech, the ROC arrived in front of Chen Xiaobei with an overwhelming speed!
But!
Chen Xiaobei had no intention of dodging or defending. He even temporarily retracted his Black Lotus Dharma form and decided to use his dharma body to take the brunt of the ROC’s attack!
“Chen Xiaobei! Are you crazy? Or are you scared silly by me? A gap of four stages of the mystic Divine realm, and you actually want to use your body to withstand it? He was really stupid! Hahaha …”
Purple ROC Saint master laughed out loud as if he had just seen a stupid joke. He laughed so hard that he even teared up.
“BOOM!”
The next moment, the ROC’s terrifying power landed on Chen Xiaobei’s body.
The purple-flame ROC, which was tens of thousands of miles long, landed on Chen Xiaobei’s chest. It was as if it had pierced through Chen Xiaobei’s body. It shrunk in size and the entire Dharma form was completely absorbed into Chen Xiaobei’s dharma body.
In purple ROC’s eyes, Chen Xiaobei’s death was certain. There was no doubt that he would survive.
However, even if purple ROC Saint master had a hundred million brains, he would never have thought of this.
In Chen Xiaobei’s body, the humanity mark was undergoing a mysterious change!
The nine stars were aligned, forming a formation in the void!
The tiny mark had formed a …
People path formation!
The formation had filled every corner of Chen Xiaobei’s body-his veins, muscles, bones, skin, and even his pores!
And this extremely mysterious people Dao array, at this moment, completely resisted the power of the purple flame ROC. Furthermore, it absorbed and gathered into the people Dao seal, becoming the nutrients for the green Lotus seed of chaos!
The green Lotus seed of chaos was originally a sacred object. When it was combined with the core nomological marks of the eight great people Dao, it formed the people Dao mark, and its power was greatly enhanced.
However, the Lotus seed had not yet grown, so it could not completely resist the power of a Saint.
That was why Chen Xiaobei was almost killed by Daoist jieyin during the war in the heavenly court.
However, in the near future, the Lotus seed would grow into a lotus flower, and its defensive power would definitely skyrocket. It would be no problem for it to resist the power of a Saint!
Of course, the ROC was only a five-star Mystic G.o.d. It could not break through the human path formation, let alone hurt Chen Xiaobei!
“Whoosh …”
As the purple flames dissipated, Chen Xiaobei was uninjured. He continued to charge forward and was already in front of purple ROC Saint!
&Quot my G.o.d … This … This … What is going on?! &Quot
Purple ROC Saint was dumbfounded. He could not believe that Chen Xiaobei could block a five-star Mystic Divine power with his own body!
In that instant, Chen Xiaobei was already right in front of him, but purple ROC Saint was not prepared for it. There was no time for him to defend, Dodge, or counterattack!
“Swis.h.!.+”
Behind Chen Xiaobei, the Black Lotus of destructions once again burst out. The purplish-gold dragon Claw was enhanced with the one-star Mystic Divine realm’s invincible destructive power.
One claw grabbed Saint purple ROC’s throat while the other gathered the strongest power and pressed against his dantian.
&Quot if you dare to move, I’ll immediately pierce through your dantian and pull out your primordial spirit to feed the chaos Blood Sword! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei’s tone was as cold as a King’s Imperial decree, and it was unquestionable.
“Alright, alright … I won’t move! I won’t move! Please don’t do anything … I don’t want to die yet … I definitely don’t!”
Purple ROC Saint master was terrified.
He was the son of the Golden-winged ROC and was doted on by the demon master kun Peng. His future was limitless!
Power, wealth, status, cultivation, bloodline … All of these made him reluctant to die like this!
Because of that, he did not dare to disobey Chen Xiaobei’s order. His body was completely tensed up, and he did not dare to move at all!
“Erase the spiritual connection of the heaven and earth purple flame feather fan and make it ownerless!” Chen Xiaobei ordered.
&Quot this … &Quot purple ROC Saint master was stunned and his eyes were filled with reluctance.
Obviously, the heaven and earth purple flame feather fan was his most powerful trump card. Once he handed it to Chen Xiaobei, he would lose his chance to turn the tables. Chen Xiaobei could play with him however he wanted to. There was no doubt about it!
“I don’t want to say the same thing a second time!”
Chen Xiaobei’s eyes were dark and emotionless, and his tone was cold. &Quot “While your dog life still has some value, you’d better not test my patience! Otherwise, after I kill you, I can also control the universe purple flame feather fan!”
“Don’t! Don’t! I’ll listen to you! I’ll listen to everything you say!”
Purple ROC Saint knew that he had no chance to bargain. He could only obey Chen Xiaobei’s orders.
“Whoosh …”
With a thought, purple ROC Saint master cut off his spiritual connection with the heaven and earth purple flame feather fan.
“Swis.h.!.+”
Chen Xiaobei took the opportunity to s.n.a.t.c.h the fan from her, and then he used his spiritual connection to complete the item’s owner-recognition process.
From this moment on, Chen Xiaobei was the new owner of the fan.
“Chen Xiaobei … Oh no, G.o.d Chen! Now, can you let me go?” Purple ROC Saint master asked in a low voice.
“I only said that I’ll spare your dog life, I never said that I’ll let you go!”
Chen Xiaobei said, ” “Hand over your storage bracelet and communication jade talisman! After that, bring me to your core Treasury!”
