Chapter 3725 - 3725 Chapter 3726-empathy
3725 Chapter 3726-empathy
What?
The green-eyed pangolin King?
Everyone was shocked by his words!
“Blackpeak! This was a matter of life and death! You dog slave, don’t speak nonsense!”
Yuan she Sha immediately let out an irascible roar.
Firstly, he had always looked down on blackpeak, and secondly, he wanted to use his anger to cover up the fear in his heart.
He, Yuan she Sha, was not even a match for an ordinary green-eyed mountain piercing beast.
If a green-eyed pangolin King really appeared, he, Yuan she Sha, would not be able to survive even if he had ten thousand lives.
“I’m not talking nonsense!”
&Quot that’s right! &Quot blackpeak said with certainty. &Quot the green-eyed pangolin King is fighting with someone up ahead. If you don’t believe me, you can go over and take a look! &Quot
“What should I do …”
Jia Lou’s brows immediately furrowed, and his face began to fill with anxiety. &Quot &Quot the distant rumbles are still ongoing. This means that the green-eyed pangolin beast King is currently fighting the three heavenly demonic G.o.ds from before! &Quot
“Moreover, the battle is still ongoing! This means that the green-eyed pangolin beast King’s strength is at least at the one-star celestial deity realm. In addition to its body’s innate talent, it’s not at a disadvantage even when it’s fighting one against three!”
At this point, not only jialuo, but even Yun fanqing’s expression turned grave.
With the rest of their lives, they would no longer be able to activate the special ability of the world extinguis.h.i.+ng sacred marrow.
Moreover, even if they could activate their special abilities, they were no match for the green-eyed pangolin King.
As such, they had just decided to continue deeper into the ruins, but they had not gone far before they were trapped in place.
Without enough strength, going forward was no different from courting death.
“Let’s continue forward …”
However, just as everyone was worried, Chen Xiaobei stepped forward and said confidently, ” “I have a way to deal with the green-eyed pangolin King. It won’t block our way!”
&Quot what did you just say?! &Quot
Everyone looked at Chen Xiaobei in disbelief. They could not believe their ears.
“Heh, you’re really good at acting!”
Yuan she Sha said disdainfully,”I admit that your medical skills are not bad!” However, against the green-eyed pangolin King, what we need is strength. Your medical skills are of no use!”
“If you don’t dare to go in, you can get lost. I didn’t ask you to come with me!” Chen Xiaobei shrugged. He looked at yuanshe Sha as if he was looking at an ant.
“You …”
Yuanshe Sha was fl.u.s.tered and exasperated, but he had nothing to say.
Chen Xiaobei did not ask him to go with him, so it was none of his business whether he was Dead or Alive.
&Quot fan Qing, if you trust me, I’ll follow you. If you don’t, you can leave! &Quot Chen Xiaobei looked at Yun fanqing and said, ” “Let’s go, blackpeak!”
After that, Chen Xiaobei walked away.
Blackpeak took a deep breath. Without any hesitation, he immediately followed.
Earlier on, blackpeak had already made up his mind to risk his life and fight to the end with Chen Xiaobei.
The first stage had been cleared, and Chen Xiaobei did not disappoint blackpeak. He had even won the respect of the crowd.
Now that they were on their way to the second stage, blackpeak would not leave Chen Xiaobei behind.
“I want to go in with him!”
Yun fanqing hesitated for a moment, but he still made his final decision.
She did not know why, but she felt a strong sense of familiarity towards ‘Xuan bei’, whom she had just met for the first time. She could not bear to see’ Xuan bei ‘die.
“You’re not allowed to go!”
Jia Luo was anxious and quickly pulled Yun fanqing back, saying, ” “You should know very well how dangerous it is inside! We’re here to complete the mission! I’m not here to die!”
“Get out of the way!” Yun fanqing’s tone was cold, and his eyes were filled with determination. He would not waver in the slightest.
“I won’t! I can’t go back even if you die! I won’t let you do anything stupid!” Jia Luo grabbed Yun fanqing tightly and said sternly.
“I believe in Xuan bei!” Yun fanqing looked straight at jialuo and said, almost word by word, ” “If he says he can do it, then he can!”
“Yun fanqing! Are you bewitched?”
“Xuan bei is just a stranger we’ve met for the first time. Why do you trust him so much?” Jia Luo shouted angrily. Just because his medical skills are good? These were two completely different things! His cultivation base is pitifully weak. How could he possibly defeat the green-eyed pangolin King?”
“Right! This is the first time we’ve met him, but just now, he risked his life to save us! Why can’t I risk my life to go with him?” Yun fanqing retorted.
“Yun fanqing!” Jia Luo shouted. Don’t forget! We Are All Demons! There was no need to talk about friends.h.i.+p! I’m very grateful to Xuan bei for saving us! However, if he wants to court death, I have no reason to be buried with him!”
“No! We’re not demons!”
Yun Fan said indifferently,’you and I are connected! I have your demonic nature, and you have my human nature! You should know very well that I have to go! In fact, there’s a voice in your heart that’s urging you to go over! Isn’t that the case?”
&Quot this … &Quot Jia Luo’s expression froze and he was instantly speechless.
It was obvious that Jia Luo and Yun fanqing were twins. Not only did it tie their lives together, but it also fused their hearts and minds into one!
When Yun fanqing missed Chen Xiaobei, jialuo’s heart would ache as well.
Chen Xiaobei had risked his life to save Yun fanqing, and Jia Luo could empathize with him. He was touched.
In fact, when Chen Xiaobei carefully and gently removed Yun fanqing’s poison, Jia Luo’s heart would beat faster and faster. He would be immersed in a tenderness that he had never experienced before, and he would not be able to extricate himself.
Obviously, as Yun fanqing had said, Jia Luo already had human nature.
Furthermore, with the interaction between Yun fanqing and Chen Xiaobei, jialuo might even fall in love with Chen Xiaobei.
“Swis.h.!.+”
Taking advantage of Jia Luo’s distraction, Yun fanqing quickly flew away and broke free from Jia Luo’s hand, rus.h.i.+ng into the depths of the ruins.
“Fan Qing!”
Jialuo suddenly woke up. Although he didn’t want to die, Yun fanqing was dead, and she couldn’t live either.
Without a choice, Jia Luo could only chase after him.
“Are these two women crazy?”
Yuan she Sha was stunned for two seconds, but he also chased after her.
In fact, Chen Xiaobei had already noticed that there was something wrong with the yuan she Sha, and now, the problem was even more obvious.
After all, most of the n.o.bles had already retreated.
Only Yuan she Sha did not retreat.
At this moment, it was clear that advancing was equivalent to suicide, but he, Yuan she Sha, still did not retreat.
It was pure nonsense to say that he was loyal to Jia Luo and Yun fanqing! He risked his life to chase after them, so he definitely had his own secrets that he could not tell others!
……
“Boom boom boom … Boom boom boom …”
In the depths of the ruins, the battle was still ongoing.
However, the scale of victory had already tilted greatly.
The three heavenly demonic G.o.ds were all heavily injured and in a precarious situation! On the other hand, the green-eyed pangolin beast King became more and more courageous as it fought. It mustered all its strength and wanted to exterminate the three of them here.
