Chapter 3780 - 3780 Chapter 3781-accident
3780 Chapter 3781-accident
“Swis.h.!.+”
As soon as he spoke, a beam of spiritual light as brilliant as the Milky Way gushed out from between Taiyi’s eyebrows!
Immediately after, the Starlight turned into a meteor and spun rapidly in front of Taiyi, gradually giving birth to an extremely special Dharma.
This Dharma was a chaotic, dark-yellow color, and on its surface, the sun, moon, stars, earth, water, fire, and wind appeared! There were mountains, rivers, land, and thousands of races in the wilderness!
Finally, the Dharma power stabilized and condensed into an ancient bronze hanging bell!
That’s right!
It was one of the three connate Cardinal treasures! The bell of chaos! It was also called the bell of the East Emperor!
This Bell could suppress the primordial world, confine time and s.p.a.ce, and reflect all attacks! It was known as the five-colored light that illuminated the heavens and the sacred power of chaos that awed the universe!
One could only imagine how powerful he was!
Of course, what appeared now was only the Dharma laksana of the eastern Emperor Bell, not the actual Bell.
This was Taiyi’s unique Saint-level special ability!
The Dharma laksana of the eastern Emperor Bell could suppress the power of all races. The higher Taiyi’s cultivation was, the more effective the suppression was.
With this ability, Taiyi could be invincible among his peers.
And in the universe, besides Taiyi, no other person had this special ability.
&Quot your … Your Majesty! &Quot
Saint venerable White Bear no longer had any doubts. He put away all his mixed essence divine splendor and celestial core power and knelt on the ground.
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
Without a word, he kowtowed to Taiyi three times loudly and heavily.
“Get up and talk.”
Taiyi raised his hand and said calmly, ” “I understand how you feel, but time is of the essence. I hope you can calm down and form an alliance with us to stop the kun Peng from becoming a saint!”
“Your Majesty! Don’t be fooled by Chen Xiaobei!”
“The master of the yuan religion in the Holy puppet city is the demon master kun Peng!” Saint venerable White Bear said hurriedly. Back then, you were as close as brothers! Your Majesty, have you forgotten?”
“Brother?” Taiyi laughed, very, very coldly.
“Your Majesty …”
Saint venerable White Bear thought for a while and said, ” “I know! Chen Xiaobei is now your contracted master. Whatever he says is the truth! As long as I kill him, Your Majesty will be able to return to normal, and you will be able to remember the glorious years with the demon master …”
“Shut up!”
Taiyi’s face turned cold and he shouted, ” &Quot bro bei might be my master, but he’s always treated me like family. He’s never asked me for anything as his master! &Quot
&Quot how … How is this possible?! &Quot Saint venerable White Bear could not believe it.
&Quot you’re right, ” Taiyi continued. &Quot also, the demon master you speak of, my brother, is actually the main culprit who caused the destruction of the demon heavenly court! He betrayed me! He betrayed everyone in the demon race’s heavenly court!”
“What! What … What is going on?” Saint venerable White Bear was dumbfounded. He was simple-minded to begin with, and now, he was about to short-circuit.
Soon after.
Taiyi explained the whole story.
During the decisive battle between the Sorcerer and demon tribes, Kunpeng stole the river map of the book of Luo and destroyed Emperor Jun’s cosmic stars formation. Then, the Emperor and the three ancestors of sorcery died together, leaving Taiyi alone. In the end, the demon tribe lost the chance to win and had to die together with the Sorcerer tribe!
“This is impossible! This is absolutely impossible!”
Saint venerable White Bear shook his head. He couldn’t believe that the demon master kun Peng, who had been loyal to him for billions of years, was such a despicable, heartless, and evil man!
&Quot you’re simple-minded and don’t want to think too deeply. Otherwise, you would have noticed some flaws after so many years! &Quot
&Quot first of all, after the war between the Sorcerer and demon tribes, the book of Luo and the river diagram were not taken away by the sages. Instead, they were left in the hands of Kunpeng. Don’t you think it’s strange? ” Taiyi said.
&Quot this … &Quot Saint White Bear was stunned. He was speechless.
The river diagram of the book of Luo was a sacred level treasure and the core of the great heavenly cycle star formation. Even heavenly path sages would desire to obtain it. Why would they leave it to the kun Peng?
This was definitely a huge suspicion!
&Quot secondly, after the cataclysm, the survivors of the demon race’s heavenly court were hunted down and slaughtered by the Sage’s sects. Eight of the nine court pillars were killed! &Quot But the first-ranked kun Peng was still alive! Don’t you find it strange?”
&Quot this … This … &Quot Saint White Bear was still speechless.
Theoretically, as the head of the nine court pillars of the heavenly court of the demon race, the kun Peng was known as the demon master. The sages and great sects should be the first to hunt him down.
However, the other eight were all killed, and only kun Peng was alive and well.
Suspicious points! A huge suspicion!
“Finally, I have the merit of unifying the universe and bringing peace to the world!” They were both universal virtues, so why could the kun Peng become a saint? And I will die without a burial place?”
&Quot this … This … This … &Quot Saint venerable White Bear was on the verge of collapse.
He was carefree and simple-minded, but he was definitely not stupid! The truth was right in front of their eyes!
Kunpeng was secretly instructed by the heavenly Dao to betray the heavenly court of the demon race and kill both the Sorcerer and demon tribes, killing two birds with one stone and removing the two major threats to the heavenly Dao!
Because of this, the great sects of the sages did not make things difficult for Kunpeng. They spared his life, left him the book of Luo and the river diagram, and even gave him the opportunity to prove his Dao and become a Sage!
Even a three-year-old child would not believe that the kun Peng was not a traitor.
“G.o.dd.a.m.ned kun Peng! This old man is absolutely irreconcilable with you!”
Saint venerable White Bear roared hysterically.
His long-term loyalty to kun Peng completely collapsed, shattered, and was swept away in this second! What replaced it was endless hatred and killing intent!
The White Bear Saint hated traitors the most!
Kun Peng was not only a traitor, he had deceived and used the White Bear Saint for billions of years!
At this moment, Saint venerable White bear’s hatred was like countless volcanoes erupting at the same time. It was enough to shatter the void and shatter the ancient times.
“G.o.d Chen! It was all my fault for being blind and offending you. Now, I’m willing to be your p.a.w.n. Wherever you point, I’ll hit. Even if I have to pay with my life, I won’t even blink!”
Saint venerable White Bear was a man with a clear distinction between black and white, and his blood was boiling.
For the sake of his bottom line, he would definitely not give up his life, regardless of the price.
“Good! Get up first!”
&Quot first of all, I want all the resources in your vault. Other than the things that you use often, I want everything else! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said.
“No problem!” The White Bear Saint led Chen Xiaobei into the vault without another word.
He only took three items and left the rest to Chen Xiaobei.
This time, Chen Xiaobei had obtained 40 billion upper-cla.s.s spiritual Jade and countless other resources.
“Boom boom boom …”
However, at this moment, there was a terrifying explosion in the distance, even causing the entire Holy puppet city to tremble.
“Not good! Something has happened over at old master Yu Lin’s side!”
Chen Xiaobei’s face changed and he immediately led everyone to the scene.
