Chapter 3722 - 3722 Twin Twin flowers
3722 Twin Twin flowers
Clearly, something was not right.
Chen Xiaobei had never been here before, so how could he have prepared the antidote beforehand?
After Yun fanqing’s question, everyone around him felt a strong sense of doubt and could not figure it out no matter how much they thought about it.
“This is all thanks to blackpeak!”
Chen Xiaobei pointed at the clan leader of the black demon hunters, hei Feng, and said, ” “He could smell the poisonous scent from far away, and he was very careful! And I happen to know some medical skills, so I thought of the antidote’s formula on the way here!”
&Quot I see … &Quot Yun fanqing nodded.”Then I really have to thank you and blackpeak. If it wasn’t for the two of you, everyone here would have died without a doubt!”
As soon as these words came out, jialuo and yuanshe Sha felt a burst of shame in their hearts, and their cheeks couldn’t help but burn, as if they had been slapped several times.
That was because they had thought that Chen Xiaobei would be a burden to them, but if he did not come, they would all die without a complete body.
This face slap was simply too loud.
At the same time, the crowd started to praise Chen Xiaobei’s medical skills and heifeng’s sense of smell.
Chen Xiaobei did not feel anything special about the compliments.
However, in blackpeak’s ears, these praises were like the rarest and most precious treasures. Such a situation had never occurred before in the past!
This was respect!
The respect from the n.o.bles!
This was something that blackpeak and the entire black demon Hunter Clan had never experienced before!
Blackpeak was extremely excited, and his heartbeat and breathing had already accelerated greatly. His scalp was numb, and he had gooseb.u.mps all over his body.
He had never known that the feeling of being respected by others could actually be so good!
Of course, he would never forget that it was all Chen Xiaobei’s credit that he was able to earn the respect of these aristocrats!
Without Chen Xiaobei’s encouragement, blackpeak would not even dare to step into the ruins!
Chen Xiaobei was right!
If you want to get something, you have to pay a price!
The black demon Hunter Clan had nothing left to lose, only their lowly lives! If this cheap life could be exchanged for something that he had never had before, then it would be a great profit! At the very least, he would not lose out!
“Not good!”
However, right at this moment, blackpeak’s expression suddenly turned serious.”There are other demonic beasts coming this way! Everyone, retreat!”
“What are you afraid of?”
&Quot we can defeat that monster just now, ” yuanshe said with a smile. &Quot if another one comes, we’ll kill it all the same! Just pay attention to avoid the poison!”
“No! “Not just one …” Blackpeak swallowed his saliva and said with a frightened expression, ” “It’s ten!”
“What!”
Hearing this, the crowd was shocked.
If it was just one green-eyed mountain pangolin, then it would still be fine, as everyone could still win if they worked together.
However, there were ten of them!
Even if the other party followed the rules of the martial world and attacked one by one, he would still be able to exhaust everyone’s magical treasure and spiritual Qi by the ninth beast. The last beast would be enough to destroy everyone!
Of course, this was just a hypothesis! How could a demonic beast talk to you about rules?
“Boom boom boom … Boom boom boom …”
In an instant, the rock walls in all directions started to shake violently with a terrifying sound!
From the direction of the sound, it could be deduced that ten green-eyed mountain-piercing beasts were attacking from different directions. They had already completely surrounded the group!
This demonic beast’s cultivation base was higher than everyone’s. In addition to its super strong physical talent, no one had the slightest chance of winning in a one-on-one fight!
More importantly, in this cave that was restricted by s.p.a.ce, he couldn’t even escape!
&Quot it’s over … It’s really over … Master Jia Lou, you must protect me … &Quot
Yuan she Sha wailed as he revealed his true face.
He had just said that he would protect Jia Luo and Yun fanqing, but at this moment, he was as scared as a dog and hid behind Jia Luo, not even daring to raise his head.
Yuan she Sha’s cultivation was the highest among the crowd, and his magic treasure was the same level as Jia Luo’s. If even he was so terrified, the others would be even more so.
Each of them shrunk their necks and sucked in a breath of cold air. Their bodies were covered in cold sweat, and their hands and feet were ice-cold. They had long lost the will to fight. If possible, they were even willing to kneel and beg for mercy from the green-eyed pangolin.
“Don’t panic!”
Jia Luo’s eyes narrowed as he slowly looked at Yun fanqing and said, ” “Now that things have come to this, I can only use my primordial spirit to attack!”
&Quot yes … &Quot Yun fanqing composed herself and did not refute.
The people around them were naturally dumbfounded. They had no idea what they were talking about.
After all, on the surface, Jia Luo and Yun fanqing were only five-star heaven Immortals and were pitifully weak. If Jia Luo’s longbow hadn’t reached the 9-star Xuan immortal level, no one would have considered him as their backbone.
But Chen Xiaobei knew it all too well.
Jia Luo and Yun fanqing’s primordial spirit attacks had both reached the quasi-Saint level.
Initially, Chen Xiaobei wanted to deal with the ten green-eyed pangolin by himself, but he did not say a word and just waited to see how jialuo and Yun fanqing would perform!
There were some things that Chen Xiaobei could not ask directly, but as long as he looked closely with his eyes, he would be able to find some clues and deduce the truth behind it!
Chen Xiaobei was going to pay back twice as much for how mo Luo Wutian had plotted against Yun fanqing!
“BOOM! BOOM! Boom …”
With just these two sentences, the surrounding stone walls exploded one after another.
From the cracks and caves, huge green-eyed mountain pangolins with dark green Lantern-like eyes quickly emerged.
Their eyes were wide open, and their long whip-like tongues were slowly moving back and forth. It was as if they were in a market, picking delicious food. Once they had chosen something, they would immediately eat it up, leaving nothing behind.
“Help … Help …” He cried.
Yuan she Sha and all the young demons let out a mournful wail. Some of the more timid ones had even peed their pants.
“World annihilation! Black Lotus dance!”
However, at that moment, Jia Luo and Yun fanqing entered a strange state at the same time!
A large amount of dark demonic Qi gushed out of their bodies and formed a Black Lotus Dharma image in front of them!
&Quot Black Lotus of world destruction!? &Quot
Everyone, including Chen Xiaobei, was shocked but also confused.
There was no need to explain their shock. The Black Lotus of destructions was a Supreme sacred object that suppressed the core of the demon world. It was the foundation of the entire demon world. All the demons knew this.
However, it was a little strange. Everyone’s impression of the Black Lotus of destruction was that there was only one Lotus! After Chen Xiaobei activated the sacred marrow of annihilation’s power, the Black Lotus Dharma only had one flower!
However, at this moment, the black lotuses that jialuo and Yun fanqing had activated were two twin lotuses!
