Chapter 3743 - 3743 Chapter 3744-choice
3743 Chapter 3744-choice
“As you command! Please come with us!”
The two heavenly demonic G.o.ds immediately brought Chen Xiaobei to where they found the candle Dragon’s corpse.
It was obvious that mo Luo Wutian had a Supreme status in the devil realm.
Even if Chen Xiaobei was just the emissary of mo Luo Wu Tian, he could still make decisions with just one word and no demon would dare to resist.
It was a huge underground cave, deep and wide enough to build an underground city.
It was evident that the demons had put in a lot of effort, manpower, resources and precious time for the candle Dragon’s corpse.
There, Chen Xiaobei saw a large number of elite demonic soldiers, a large number of heavenly demonic G.o.ds, and the high-level profound G.o.d heavenly evil demon Emperor.
Of course, these people had to listen to Chen Xiaobei’s orders and all of them left the underground cave. Even the heaven evil demon Emperor did not dare to say anything. He immediately followed mo Luo Wutian’s instructions so as not to be questioned.
Very quickly.
Only Chen Xiaobei and the candle Dragon’s body were left in the cave.
It had a human face and a Dragon’s body. It was thousands of meters long and covered with Red Dragon scales. It entrenched itself in the void of the catacombs like a living creature. Its might still existed, and it was domineering.
“That’s great! From this moment on, the second ancestral wizard’s corpse is mine!”
Chen Xiaobei raised his eyebrows and summoned the candle Dragon from the Meru s.p.a.ce.
“Bro bei, please wait!”
The candle Dragon had been prepared all the time. Without Chen Xiaobei’s order, he immediately took action.
“Whoosh …”
The candle Dragon cast a spell and activated his celestial core power. With his unique secret technique, he easily removed the restriction on his main body.
“You go back first. It won’t be good if you’re discovered!”
Chen Xiaobei immediately sent the candle dragon back to the Meru s.p.a.ce.
&Quot boom boom boom … Boom boom boom … &Quot
Then, there was a huge commotion. Just like Emperor Jiang’s body, the candle Dragon’s body started to collapse after losing the support of the restrictive spell.
After all, the battle back then was extremely brutal, and every wizard ancestor was severely injured. It was already good enough that they could leave their corpses intact.
The Dragon’s body, which was thousands of meters long, was broken into nine pieces, and countless wounds of various sizes appeared on its body.
The human face at the front of the Dragon’s body had also become dry and pale, like a zombie in the air.
Of course, no matter how serious the damage was, it was still the candle Dragon’s corpse. It was necessary for him to become a saint.
Chen Xiaobei immediately put it away in his infinite s.p.a.ce ring.
“Shua shua … Shua shua …”
This huge commotion immediately attracted the attention of many Devils outside the underground cave.
Under the leaders.h.i.+p of the heaven evil demon Emperor, a large number of high-level demons flew into the cave. They could not let anything happen to the candle Dragon’s corpse.
“He came so quickly!”
Chen Xiaobei looked up at the demons with a complicated expression.
Chen Xiaobei had two choices.
The first was to use the returning bracelet to escape, and the second was to return to the side of mo Luo Wutian.
Of course, if the demonic Emperor were to reach him, it would be too late for Chen Xiaobei to escape.
After all, after the returning bracelet was activated, the dimension door would only close after a period of time. As long as the sky fiend demon Emperor caught up to the door, Chen Xiaobei would not be able to escape.
However, this was only a hypothesis.
Chen Xiaobei had never thought of running away!
Yun fanqing was still with mo Luo Wutian. If he left her alone, she would definitely be in danger.
Furthermore, Chen Xiaobei was here to avenge Yun fanqing. How could he let mo Luo Wutian go so easily?
“You guys don’t need to come down! I’ve already kept the candle Dragon’s corpse. I’ll go back to see devil ancestor Wu Tian now!”
Chen Xiaobei said calmly and flew up into the air.
The demonic Emperor and the others were overjoyed and praised Chen Xiaobei.
&Quot as expected of the ancestral fiend’s emissary. He solved the problem with a single move. We are truly in awe! &Quot
“The devil ancestor’s emissary’s divine power is unparalleled! To be able to remove a peak quasi-saint’s restriction, he really is a young hero!”
“The emissary of the devil ancestor has taken away the candle Dragon’s corpse. We can finally have a good rest! Thank you, emissary of The Fiend ancestor! Thank you …”
Chen Xiaobei flew out of the hole amidst the praises.
He was in a hurry to leave because he almost burst out laughing again.
These demonic people’s actions were so similar to a scene from a skit on earth … Chen Xiaobei had taken away all their treasures, and they were still thanking him profusely!
If it was anyone else, they would have laughed out loud.
……
Inside the s.p.a.ce tunnel.
Mo Luo Wutian was still resting with his eyes closed, but the 27 great devil Saints around him had already started to feel restless.
“Did you all hear that? There was a huge commotion just now! This meant that Xuan bei had already touched the candle Dragon’s corpse! Can … Can he succeed?”
&Quot let’s not talk about whether he’ll succeed or not for now. He better not damage the body of the wizard ancestor … Otherwise, the consequences will be unimaginable! &Quot
“Yup! Xuan bei’s death was not worth pitying! I’m just afraid that he’ll feign ignorance and trigger the restriction, injuring the wizard ancestor’s corpse. That’ll be troublesome!”
It was obvious that the 27 great demon Saints did not trust Xuan bei, who they had just met.
In their eyes, it was almost impossible for Chen Xiaobei to take down the candle Dragon’s body. They would be thankful if Chen Xiaobei did not make things worse for them.
“But … What if Xuan bei succeeds?”
At this time, Jia Lou made a different sound.
Perhaps it was because they were twins, but jialuo had developed a strange feeling for Chen Xiaobei!
Her heart was telling her that Chen Xiaobei would succeed!
And she actually believed it!
“If Xuan bei succeeds … If he doesn’t return, we’ll do as The Fiend ancestor has said. Even if we have to give up this s.p.a.ce pa.s.sage, we’ll still chase after him! I won’t rest until I die!”
The surrounding devil Saints clamored. Each of them was ferocious and brutal. The terrifying pressure they exuded seemed to be able to shatter the entire s.p.a.ce.
In such a situation, only Yun fanqing and Mo Luo Wutian remained silent.
Mo Luo Wu Tian was still resting with his eyes closed. Everything was under his control. There was no need for him to panic.
Yun fanqing, on the other hand, was caught in an anxious entanglement.
On one hand, she hoped that Xuan bei was Chen Xiaobei. That way, Chen Xiaobei would not be dead!
On the other hand, she hoped that Xuan bei was not Chen Xiaobei because Chen Xiaobei would not be able to escape from mo Luo Wutian. If he was exposed, he would definitely die!
“Everyone, stop quarreling!”
Chen Xiaobei appeared in front of everyone with a confident smile on his face. &Quot &Quot I’ve already settled the matter. Lord ancestor devil, what reward do you plan to give me this time? “
