Chapter 3792 - 3792 Chapter 3793-Saint orb
3792 Chapter 3793-Saint orb
“Heavens! He was trapped in the real nine lives! Unless they live as long as the heavens and earth, most people will be trapped to death!”
Chen Xiaobei was shocked. He did not expect the reincarnation formation to be so terrifying.
“Houtu! Quickly find a way to help me find the Taiyin true deity and the celestial Hound!” Chen Xiaobei said impatiently.
Obviously, if Taiyin true immortal and Xiao Tianquan were really trapped here, they would definitely be trapped to death if they were not rescued.
“Bro bei, don’t worry!”
Houtu said,’it’s as easy as flipping my hand to solve this formation! However, if we unseal the formation, the Taiyin true deity and Yang Jian will face each other, and a big battle will inevitably break out. In the worst case, both sides will suffer great losses!”
&Quot moreover, I’m not sure if there are other experts suppressed in the formation. If they are released together, the situation will be even more out of control! &Quot
Obviously, Houtu’s worry was completely correct.
Right now, Chen Xiaobei’s power was limited. If more ancient mighty figures were released, the situation would be chaotic and it could even put everyone’s lives in danger.
Chen Xiaobei’s life was not as simple as his own.
Inside the verdant Emperor’s divine gourd were Chen Xiaobei’s most important friends, brothers, and confidants! There were also hundreds of millions of demons! Golden armored mysterious Spider! The Jade-winged magic snake!
Chen Xiaobei’s death meant everyone’s death!
Because of this, he had to be careful with every step he took and think twice before acting!
“Since we can’t remove the formation, what do you think we should do?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
This was Houtu’s home ground, and Chen Xiaobei had to listen to her.
Luckily, he had released Houtu. Otherwise, Chen Xiaobei would not know how to save her. He might have been trapped in the cycle of reincarnation and died from his lifespan being depleted!
&Quot let’s go find the reincarnation treasure left behind by the person who set up the formation. We’ll bring it into the formation so that we won’t lose our minds! &Quot
&Quot if Taiyin true immortal and Xiao Tianquan are really in the formation, ” Houtu said. &Quot we can take them out directly. That way, we can be absolutely safe! &Quot
“Good! I’ll listen to you!” Chen Xiaobei nodded.
After that, everyone continued to venture deeper into the Blessed Grotto-heaven and began to search carefully.
This should be the place where the person who set up the array lived and cultivated. The whole cave was full of spiritual Qi, and there was probably a quasi-Sage level spiritual vein underground!
Now that Chen Xiaobei was penniless, he wanted the spiritual vein.
However, this spiritual pulse should be the source of the formation’s energy. Once the spiritual pulse was emptied, the formation would stop operating, and the problem that Houtu had been worried about at the beginning might happen.
So, even if Chen Xiaobei wanted it, he could only hold it in for now.
“I can’t find it … That’s strange …”
Hou Tu frowned, and his face turned very ugly.
If she couldn’t find the reincarnation treasure, Houtu’s plan wouldn’t be able to proceed, and all her previous plans would be meaningless.
“Let me do it!”
Chen Xiaobei stepped out and activated his golden gaze fiery eyes and clear Jade divine light!
Chen Xiaobei made a discovery as he examined the entire cave.
“Ka ka ka …”
Behind a wall, Chen Xiaobei found a secret compartment.
There was a storage bracelet and a black and white Pearl in the secret compartment.
“This is the reincarnation Saint orb!”
Houtu’s eyes lit up, and she became excited. &Quot “This used to be my magical item! He actually appeared here! No wonder you can set up the nine reincarnations. It turns out that you are borrowing the power of the reincarnation Saint orb!”
“Take it! Let’s go and save them now!” Chen Xiaobei said.
“Alright!”
Houtu walked over and picked up the reincarnation Saint orb. She started spiritual communication with it to make it recognize her as its new master.
Then, Houtu picked up the storage bracelet and handed it to Chen Xiaobei without hesitation.
“This …”
The moment Chen Xiaobei took the storage bracelet, he was stunned.
The resources in the bracelet were like a giant treasure vault. It was extremely rich and huge in quant.i.ty. Most importantly, they were all of high grade!
Furthermore, there were 10 billion upper-cla.s.s spiritual jade pieces among them!
This was the thing that Chen Xiaobei wanted the most! It could be used to activate magic treasures and also for cultivation. It had come at the right time.
“We can set off now!”
&Quot the situation inside the formation is under my control, ” Houtu said. &Quot so, you two brothers don’t need to go with me! &Quot
“Alright!”
&Quot yes! &Quot Emperor Jiang and candle jiuyin nodded. &Quot we’ll guard outside. If anything happens, we’ll cut off the spiritual veins and make the formation lose its energy. It’ll collapse on its own! &Quot
“Good! I’ll leave this place to you guys!” Chen Xiaobei nodded and followed Hou Tu into the formation.
Before, Houtu had led the group through the gap of the array.
With the reincarnation Pearl in hand, Houtu led Chen Xiaobei through the outer layer of the formation and into the inner part.
“Whoosh …”
As if he had broken through a maze, Chen Xiaobei felt that the entire s.p.a.ce was shrouded in a hallucinatory fog, and he could not see anything.
Even with the fiery golden eyes and the clear Jade divine light, he could not see it at all.
Clearly, the terror of the power of reincarnation was not something that could be easily seen through.
“Bro bei, come here!”
But then, Houtu took Chen Xiaobei’s hand.
In an instant, the power of the reincarnation Pearl was transferred into Chen Xiaobei’s body.
The fog in Chen Xiaobei’s eyes disappeared and the sky was clear. He could see far, far away at a glance!
“It’s right in front! I think I saw the celestial Hound!”
Suddenly, Chen Xiaobei was so excited that he grabbed Houtu’s hand and ran over.
It was a black divine Dog with silver claws and a divine Halo behind it.
He might look like a dog, but his cultivation was actually very high. He had even reached the level of a five-star Sage-to-be.
In the heaven realm, many Immortals and great demons were not the opponent of the celestial Hound.
Legend had it that the celestial Hound was once able to suppress the Monkey King.
However, the Monkey King later ate the immortal peaches and immortal pills, and experienced the Great Tribulation of death in the pill furnace. His cultivation soared, and his strength surpa.s.sed the celestial Hound.
“Xiaotian! Howling sky!”
Chen Xiaobei called out Xiao Tianquan’s name as he ran over.
However, the celestial Hound didn’t have any reaction. It just lay on the ground as if it had fallen asleep, sometimes grinning foolishly, sometimes baring its teeth and roaring angrily.
It looked like she was having a sweet dream and then a nightmare.
Obviously, it was trapped in the illusion of the realm of reincarnation, experiencing every minute and second of its life.
“Houtu! How do I wake Xiao Tian up?” Chen Xiaobei asked impatiently.
“Put your hand on him, I will help you wake him up!” Houtu smiled and activated the power of the Saint orb of reincarnation.
