Chapter 3753 - 3753 Dao heart
3753 Dao heart
[ ding! You have sent a red packet to nüwa! ]
Chen Xiaobei took out the ancient book that he had obtained from the extermination camp, stuffed it into a red envelope and sent it to lady Nuwa.
It was impossible to read the contents of this remnant volume, but the demon Army regarded it as a treasure in the treasure vault bracelet, so its value must be immeasurable.
Now that he could get in touch with G.o.ddess Nuwa, Chen Xiaobei wanted to use this opportunity to ask her.
Nuwa thought,”if I’m not wrong, this should be the legendary number one cultivation technique of the demon race, the” Saint demon Scripture “!” In the past, Luo Yi had relied on this technique to cut off his three corpses and was once comparable to Dao ancestor!
Chen Xiaobei: This remnant volume was really extraordinary! It’s a pity that it’s already so broken. Otherwise, I would definitely try to cultivate it!
[ Nuwa: that’s easy. You can ask luohou and you’ll know the entire content of the Saint demon Scripture! ] However, I can’t be sure if cultivating the Saint demon Scripture will conflict with your original cultivation technique.
Chen Xiaobei-probably not! I have the mark of humanity in my body, the guiding blood essence, the world-ending sacred marrow, and the witch dragon’s blood. I also cultivate the Scripture of heaven and earth!
Chen Xiaobei: Buddha! Devil! Shaman! Demon! Immortal! The elements of the six races gathered in my body without any rejection! It wouldn’t affect him if he cultivated another Saint demon Scripture!
[ Nuwa: I have to say, you’re a big anomaly! ] If he slowed down others, elemental rejection would more or less appear, which could damage their cultivation base or even cause Qi deviation! But you, not only did you not reject it, you even managed to fuse 10000 techniques into one, greatly increasing your strength!
I have a feeling that this is all thanks to the Scripture of heaven and earth! The core essence of the technique that master taught me is that it is invisible and can contain and give birth to all things!
&Quot that’s why I can activate any type of ethereal force. That’s why I can understand the five elements. That’s why I can contain all kinds of Arts. That’s why I have the opportunity to gather all six of my family members! &Quot
Nuwa thought,”according to what you said, senior brother Tongtian must have improved the Scripture of heaven and earth for you!” Before you, the Scripture of heaven and earth would conflict with the demonic elements! The two were like fire and water, unable to coexist!
Chen Xiaobei thought to himself,”so, what I’m cultivating is the upgraded version of the Scripture of heaven and earth?” Master has really put in a lot of effort. I’m really ashamed that I only discovered the secret of this cultivation method today …
[ Nuwa: the secret has already taken effect during your cultivation. It doesn’t matter if you realize it or not! ] You just need to do what you need to do, don’t think too much about anything else, and don’t feel ashamed!
Chen Xiaobei: The current situation is chaotic, I must concentrate on one thing and take every step well! “Otherwise, I won’t regret my own death. If I fail to live up to master’s expectations, I won’t be able to die in peace!
[ Nuwa: I’m sure senior brother Tongtian will be very pleased that you can think this way! ]
Chen Xiaobei: ” Oh right! I have another important question! &Quot This time, I’ve plotted against mo Luo Wu Tian and completely destroyed the pa.s.sage between the demon Realm and the heaven realm! He even stopped the Great War between the demon and sorcerer!
Chen Xiaobei: ” I want to know if the heavenly axiom will still give me merit points. &Quot Can I use this merit to exchange for my master’s freedom?
Nuwa said, ” I’m in charge of the merits record, but I didn’t see any increase in your merits … Perhaps the laws of merits in the ancient desolate land are self-contained. It won’t be detected by the heavenly Dao, so it can’t give you any merits! &Quot
[ Nuwa: however, good and bad come together! ] The heavenly Dao didn’t give you any merit, which meant that it didn’t know you were still alive! One merit in exchange for one’s safety, this was not a bad deal!
Chen Xiaobei-I’d rather trade my safety for s.h.i.+zun’s freedom!
[ Nuwa: you’re thinking too much! ] I originally thought that you could use your merit to exchange for the freedom of senior brother Tongtian! However, the birth of the eighth Sage meant that the heavenly Dao had completely given up on senior brother Tongtian! Even if you had enough merit, you wouldn’t be able to save senior brother Tongtian!
Chen Xiaobei:
Chen Xiaobei was stunned when he saw the message.
If one thought carefully about what G.o.ddess nüwa said, one could see that the way of heaven no longer trusted sect leader Tongtian. That was why it supported Kunpeng to become a Sage and to replace sect leader Tongtian!
Moreover, the tribe of severity only existed in name, but Kunpeng had secretly established his own power, which was just enough to form a new great sage sect to balance the other great sage sects and achieve a better balance, so that no one could threaten the way of heaven.
If things really developed to this point, sect master Tongtian would be completely abandoned! The heavenly Dao might even get rid of sect master Tongtian if it was displeased!
Chen Xiaobei could not accept this result!
Chen Xiaobei-I have to stop the kun Peng from becoming a saint! Moreover, not only would he not be able to become a saint now, he would never be able to in the future!
[ Nuwa: I understand how you’re feeling right now. But, you must stay calm! ] It was still the same. Kun Peng was very cautious and would not reveal any flaws! If you force yourself, you will only bring disaster upon yourself!
[ thank you for your concern, lady Nuwa! ] However, even if I die, I can’t ignore my master’s safety! I’m already in the beiming youhai!
Chen Xiaobei thought,’if I back down now, my Dao heart will become a joke! He would not have any more achievements in the rest of his life! All of master’s efforts and sacrifices would be completely wasted!
[ Nuwa: if it really affects your Dao heart, then this tribulation will be a hurdle you can’t avoid! ] After crossing this threshold, you will advance by leaps and bounds, and reach another level! If he couldn’t cross this hurdle, he wouldn’t be able to do anything in the future!
Chen Xiaobei: So, I must go! Furthermore, he had to succeed!
[ Nuwa: if that’s the case, I won’t try to persuade you anymore! ] I can’t help you with this, but if you have any questions, you can ask me!
Chen Xiaobei: Many thanks, mother Nuwa!
After that, Nuwa returned the Saint demon Scripture to Chen Xiaobei in a red envelope.
Chen Xiaobei used his Dharmakaya ability to transform into his golden-purple dragon form and headed toward the Black City at the bottom of the sea.
It was obvious that the kun Peng was a demon.
Chen Xiaobei’s purplish-gold dragon body was extremely rare among the monsters. It was a very talented being. It should not be difficult for him to sneak into the city.
Furthermore, even if they were exposed, the other party would not know Chen Xiaobei’s true ident.i.ty.
After all, no one below the level of heavenly path Saint would be able to see the nature of Chen Xiaobei’s Dharmakaya. This way, he would be safer.
Whoosh … Whoosh …
As he continued to dive, the Black City below gradually grew from small to large. It was no less than hundreds of millions of miles in length and width. It was extremely huge!
Around the city, there was a special array that isolated the seawater.
There were all kinds of demons in the city, and their numbers were huge. It could be said to be an underwater Empire.
Chen Xiaobei’s appearance in the purple-gold dragon body caused a huge commotion.
