Chapter 3729 - 3729 Fluid
3729 Fluid
The sky-treading Red Tiger stared at the rock wall in front of it greedily.
Without a doubt, he had been a spy for a long time and even pretended to be a coward all this time. In the end, it was all for the sake of Chiyou’s corpse behind the wall.
To him, getting Chiyou’s corpse was his top priority.
As for the life and death of Chen Xiaobei and the others, he was not in a hurry. He could slowly torture them later. Perhaps he could get some valuable information out of them, and then kill them!
“Whoosh …”
The Crimson fiend sky-treading Tiger waved its hand, and the three-star celestial core power came down like thousands of chains, imprisoning Chen Xiaobei, blackpeak, Yun fanqing, and jialuo.
The absolute difference in cultivation made it impossible for Chen Xiaobei and the others to fight back.
He was completely controlled by the sky-treading Crimson Tiger in an instant.
Fortunately, everyone still had some value. Otherwise, the sky-stepping red fiend Tiger could completely wipe out everyone on the scene with a flip of its hand.
&Quot boom boom boom … Boom boom boom … &Quot
With Chen Xiaobei and the others under its control, the sky-treading Red Tiger had nothing else to worry about. It began to blast its ethereal force at the rock wall in front of it, shattering the rocks and even the mountain itself.
“What do we do now? &Quot if we can’t escape, then only death awaits us … &Quot blackpeak’s expression was desolate, and his voice trembled with panic. He was slowly walking towards despair.
&Quot devil ancestor Wutian only asked us to secretly confirm the ident.i.ty of the spy this time around. He didn’t ask us to fight the spy. In other words, he didn’t give us a very powerful life-saving trump card … &Quot
Jia Lou’s face was also full of worry, and his eyes were filled with unwillingness. He was not willing to die like this, ” “I didn’t think that the spy would be a three-star heavenly Demon G.o.d, the sky-treading Scarlet fiend Tiger! We’re no match for him at all!”
“No! I can’t die Here!”
Yun fanqing’s reaction was even more intense than the previous two. He struggled with all his might and shouted, ” “I haven’t taken revenge on Daoist jieyin yet! I haven’t let the Western religious sect be buried with Xiaobei yet! I can’t die! I can’t die!”
Yun fanqing had always been a quiet and elegant little girl. Let alone shouting, one would rarely hear her speak loudly.
However, at this moment, her voice was hysterical and her heart ached! Just like blackpeak, she also felt despair! Just like Jia Luo, she also felt unwilling!
However, her despair and unwillingness were definitely far above the first two!
That was because blackpeak’s despair and Jia Lou’s unwillingness were both due to the impending death. Yun fanqing’s despair was because he could not avenge Chen Xiaobei.
From this, it could be seen that in Yun fanqing’s eyes, avenging Chen Xiaobei was more important than her own life.
If she could get revenge for Chen Xiaobei, she would risk her life without hesitation!
If she could not avenge Chen Xiaobei, she would not be able to rest in peace!
“Don’t panic!”
However, Chen Xiaobei was very calm.
First of all, Chen Xiaobei could use the sacred marrow of world annihilation and witch Dragon’s nine transformation to defeat the sky-treading Red Tiger.
So, to Chen Xiaobei, the situation was still under his control.
Of course, doing so would expose Chen Xiaobei’s ident.i.ty.
Therefore, if the situation allowed, Chen Xiaobei would try to use other trump cards that would not expose his ident.i.ty to break the situation!
Even though the other party was a three-star celestial demon essence soul and was unimaginably powerful …
But! Don’t forget!
Chen Xiaobei still had a few unused red packets in his hands!
Chen Xiaobei had only used 11 of the 18 red packet kills. In addition, the ear of guidance given by sect leader Tongtian and the blood of the xuanxian beast given by Minghe were not needed for the time being.
In other words, Chen Xiaobei still had five red packets that he had not opened yet. The treasures in them were not of use to Chen Xiaobei before, so he did not open them.
However, things were different now.
Chen Xiaobei and the others were trapped and needed a way out.
And among them, there was a treasure that could directly turn the situation around.
Of course, Chen Xiaobei did not want to reveal his trump card just yet. After all, according to blackpeak, the deepest part of the ruins must be extremely terrifying. There might be other dangers as well.
Therefore, Chen Xiaobei decided not to break out of the trap and let the sky-treading Red Tiger into the deepest part of the ruins. He wanted it to be the cannon fodder to clear the way.
In other words, the danger that Chen Xiaobei was most worried about was not the red fiend sky-treading Tiger, but the thing that was hidden in the deepest part of the ruins.
Chen Xiaobei’s thoughts were clear. He kept his eyes fixed on the front, paying attention to the sky-treading Red Tiger’s every move, and even more so, to the changes that were about to happen!
“BOOM! Boom boom boom …”
All of a sudden, a loud explosion erupted from the direction where the sky-treading Red Tiger was advancing.
Immediately after, a dark black energy fluid gushed out like a river of thick ink, crus.h.i.+ng toward the sky-treading Red Tiger’s head!
“Hmph! You want to hurt me with such a small trick?”
The sky-treading Red Tiger was very confident in its own strength. A faint smile appeared at the corner of its mouth as it charged up its protective immortal essence. It simply stood in place, ready to face the thick ink-like energy fluid head-on!
The reason why the sky-treading Scarlet fiend Tiger was so confident was that the speed and power of the thick black fluid didn’t seem too strong. It felt like it was only equivalent to the power of a one-star celestial G.o.d.
This was two whole realms lower than the sky-treading Crimson Tiger. To put it bluntly, this little bit of strength wasn’t even enough to scratch the sky-treading Crimson Tiger.
But!
In the next moment!
The sky-treading Red Tiger’s pupils contracted uncontrollably, and its face turned black in an instant. Its heart and breathing almost stopped, and even its mind began to tremble violently. In its mind, a terrifying illusion of corpses filling the sky and blood dyeing the earth red appeared!
It was obvious that the black fluid didn’t just have its appearance, speed, and strength. It also contained a terrifying killing intent and baleful Qi!
This was a killing intent that had truly crawled out from a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood!
Moreover, the mountains of corpses and seas of blood here were piled up by celestial Immortals and celestial G.o.ds. There were even the deaths of profound deities and quasi-sages!
The endless killing intent was already terrifying to begin with. After a trillion years, its nature had undergone an extremely mysterious change. It had even undergone a special sublimation and became even more terrifying than before!
This was exactly the case!
&Nbsp just the pressure from the black liquid alone was enough to intimidate a three-star heavenly Fey G.o.d!
One could only imagine how terrifying the pressure of the murderous aura was.
“Ah … Ah … Ah …”
Then, accompanied by a series of extremely miserable shrieks, the sky-treading Crimson Tiger was swept into the dark liquid!
And this terrifying dark fluid gushed out through the pa.s.sage opened by the sky-treading Red Tiger! They were charging at Chen Xiaobei and the others!
