Chapter 3716 - 3716 Chapter 3717-staying alone
3716 Chapter 3717-staying alone
Yun fanqing could only be safe after making such an oath in the ancient Barrens land.
If he said such heaven-defying words in the heaven realm, he would probably be punished by the heavens on the spot and die without a complete corpse.
Of course, what shocked Chen Xiaobei the most was …
Yun fanqing, a monk who once believed in Buddhism, was now hostile to the Western religious sect because of Chen Xiaobei’s death.
Yun fanqing had cultivated in Buddhism before and was also possessed by the devil, but her faith seemed to have never changed.
Chen Xiaobei!
She didn’t know when it had started, but these three words had been engraved in her heart and branded into her soul. They had become her only belief in her life!
From this, it could be seen that the reason why Yun fanqing had submitted to mo Luo Wutian was not because she was under his control, but because she could only achieve her revenge plan by borrowing the power of the devil race.
In order to realize this plan, she was even willing to gamble her life!
Fan Qing …
Chen Xiaobei was not feeling very good.
If he could, he really wanted to reveal his ident.i.ty as soon as possible and completely untie the knot in Yun fanqing’s heart.
“Let’s go!”
However, Yun Fan and Qing Yuan were much stronger than Chen Xiaobei had imagined.
She quickly adjusted her state of mind and was the first to fly forward. Nothing could stop her from avenging Chen Xiaobei.
After that, everyone followed closely behind.
Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit was getting more and more uncomfortable.
Luckily, Yuan she Sha released a stream of celestial core power and lifted Chen Xiaobei up. Not only was it fast, but Chen Xiaobei did not even need to use his strength.
Chen Xiaobei could use this time to rest and recuperate. He hoped that the discomfort in his primordial spirit could be stabilized. Otherwise, he might not be able to take it any time.
……
Gradually, an unknown mountain range appeared in front of them.
It was as if a Crouching Dragon was suppressing an endless forest. The entire mountain range was majestic and vast.
In front of the mountain range, there was a small military camp of the demons.
The demon soldiers in the Army were all demons with Wolf faces and bodies. There were not many of them, and their cultivation was not high.
He really didn’t understand why the demons had sent them here.
Chen Xiaobei’s first reaction when he arrived at the military camp was confusion.
At this time, a large number of demons who had come to carry out the mission had to gather in this military camp.
Chen Xiaobei’s question was finally answered after listening to everyone’s discussion.
It turned out that the demons in this military camp were called black demon hunters!
They had an extraordinary sense of smell, which could distinguish whether there were special treasures nearby from the extremely subtle scent in the air.
This ability was somewhat similar to Xiao ‘er’s.
Furthermore, the black demon Hunter’s sense of smell was even more sensitive than Xiao ‘er’s.
Simply put, the black demon Hunter was a treasure hunter expert among the demons.
The ruins where the demons were going to carry out their mission this time were discovered by the black demon Hunter squad.
Of course, other than their special ability to smell, the black demon hunters were practically useless! Poor talent, weak physique, greedy and lazy!
It was precisely because of this that the cultivation of the black demon hunters wasn’t high!
The average combat strength of the entire battle team was probably only at the two-star heaven immortal realm. The strongest Battle team leader was only at the three-star heaven immortal realm.
In the ancient Barrens land, such a cultivation was pitifully weak.
Therefore, they were only responsible for searching for treasures, but they did not have the ability to obtain them. They could only report the location of the ruins and let others reap the harvest.
But then again, if the black demon hunters could find and obtain treasures, their race would have risen to power a long time ago, and wouldn’t be in this state. They could only do the lowest level of work. Other people ate the meat, but they didn’t even get the soup!
“Young masters! Miss! General! My Lord … Everyone has come from far away and has worked hard!”
The black demon Hunter squad Captain stood up and greeted everyone present before speaking in a low voice. “We’ve found the entrance to the ruins! If you’re ready, you can enter now. However, I would like to remind you …”
At the scene.
The vast majority of them were demon n.o.bles like Yuan she Sha! They were all here for credit and opportunities!
These people had always been arrogant, and didn’t even put the black demon Hunter Captain in their eyes. They didn’t even bother to listen to him finish speaking, and some of them headed straight for the entrance of the remains.
“Let’s hurry up and go in! Don’t let anyone else get the first move!”
Yuan she Sha said impatiently,”I’ve miscalculated this time!” A few people of similar status as me have brought powerful helpers! If it was just the few of us, we wouldn’t have been able to get anything if we were half a beat slower!”
“Alright, let’s go!” Jia Luo made a prompt decision and led everyone to the entrance.
However, Chen Xiaobei did not move, and Yun fanqing did not leave either.
“Why aren’t you leaving? Are you feeling uncomfortable?” Yun fanqing asked.
&Quot hmm … &Quot Chen Xiaobei composed himself and said, ” “I’m indeed feeling a little uncomfortable. Why don’t you go in first?”
“This …”
Yun fanqing hesitated. She did not want to leave Chen Xiaobei behind, but she was more concerned about her revenge in the future. She could not miss this opportunity to fight for credit and fortune.
“Swis.h.!.+”
Yun fanqing took out a Golden Bell and handed it to Chen Xiaobei. &Quot “Take this magic weapon. If you encounter danger, it can save your life!”
The Jiufan Golden Bell!
Chen Xiaobei recognized it. It was the one-star divine instrument that Yun fanqing had in the mortal world.
“This … No way! If you give me the talisman, what will you do?” Chen Xiaobei refused.
“Don’t worry, I still have other magic weapons!” Yun fanqing said calmly, ” besides, Jia Luo is still here. If I die, she won’t live either. She will protect me well! &Quot
&Quot alright then … &Quot Chen Xiaobei took a deep breath and accepted the bell.
It was only a one-star heaven immortal artifact. Even if Yun fanqing brought it in, it would not be of much use.
“Take care!”
Yun fanqing looked at Chen Xiaobei for a long time, and then, he rushed toward the entrance of the ruins.
Looking at her back, Chen Xiaobei could not help but wonder, ” “What did she just say? The Jiufan Golden Bell can save my life? Why is that so?”
Of course, Yun fanqing had already left, and Chen Xiaobei did not get the answer.
However, in order to verify the answer, Chen Xiaobei did not put the bell away. Instead, he held it in his palm.
After everyone had entered the remains, Chen Xiaobei walked over to the black demon Hunter Captain.
“My Lord … Is there anything I can help you with?” The black demon Hunter Captain asked in a trembling voice.
“Nothing else, I just want to hear you finish.” “Is this the least I can do to show you respect?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
&Quot respect … Respect!? &Quot The black demon Hunter Captain was stunned, his expression becoming extremely complicated.
