Chapter 3726 - 3726 Chapter 3727-sacred demon's power
3726 Chapter 3727-sacred demon’s power
“Bang! Bang!”
With two loud explosions, the two heavenly demonic G.o.ds fell like meteorites and crashed to the ground.
Two huge pits were created on the Hard Rock, and the entire s.p.a.ce trembled as if it had been hit by a star, which could lead to the end of the world at any time.
“Pfft … Pfft …”
Both of them suffered from the green-eyed pangolin King’s fatal attacks. They fell into the pit and spat out blood. Not only were their physical bodies seriously injured, but even their Dharmakaya and primordial spirits were severely injured. They had completely lost their ability to fight.
In this way, only the last heavenly Demon G.o.d was left, and it still had some fighting ability.
As for the three young n.o.bles they were supposed to protect, two of them had already been eaten by the green-eyed pangolin King when the battle broke out, and one had been stomped to death.
“Hiss … Hiss …”
The last heavenly demonic G.o.d was gasping for cold air. He seemed to be exhausted. Although he still had some fighting power, he was just struggling on his last breath. He could not pose any threat to the green-eyed pangolin beast King.
“Gululu … Gululu …”
The green-eyed pangolin beast King let out a series of strange sounds as it slowly approached the heavenly demon.
Its huge body was over a hundred meters long, and each of its legs was as thick as a giant tree! The two large eyes on its head were more than ten meters in diameter. They were round and gave off a dark green glow.
As it got closer, the heavenly fiendG.o.d’s entire body was illuminated green.
At this moment, the fear of death had already descended. The heavenly demonic G.o.d was scared out of his wits. His pupils contracted uncontrollably, and his body trembled violently. Cold sweat poured down his body like rain!
&Quot Whoos.h.!.+ &Quot
Suddenly, the green-eyed pangolin beast King’s tongue shot out like a long whip. It wrapped around the heavenly demonic G.o.d’s body at an extremely fast speed and pulled him toward its b.l.o.o.d.y mouth!
“Ka ka ka … Ka ka ka …”
The green-eyed pangolin beast King’s physical strength was extremely strong. The heavenly demonic G.o.d was still flying in the air, and more than half of its bone armor had already been broken.
The sound of bones breaking rose and fell, making one’s hair stand on end.
Crack … Crack … Crack …
In the next moment, the heavenly fiendG.o.d flew into the green-eyed pangolin beast king’s mouth and was chewed into pieces. Even his primordial spirit did not manage to escape and was swallowed into the green-eyed pangolin beast King’s stomach.
“Help … Help …” He cried.
Seeing this, the two injured heavenly demonic G.o.ds let out hysterical wails at the same time.
To them, this was their final day.
With the green-eyed pangolin King’s speed, it would only take a few seconds for the two of them to become delicacies in its stomach. Not even a bit of residue would be left.
“Whoos.h.!.+ Whoos.h.!.+”
As expected, the green-eyed pangolin beast King stuck out its tongue twice and swallowed the two of them. Then, it began to chew on them and swallowed them in a few bites.
&Quot it’s … It’s so terrifying! &Quot
At the same time, Chen Xiaobei and the others had just arrived and witnessed the terrifying scene.
Blackpeak shrieked in fear, his pupils constricting to the size of needle tips. His heart beat wildly, and he found it difficult to breathe. He was so frightened that he almost fainted on the spot.
At the scene, Yuan she Sha was the strongest and was at the seven-star Mystic immortal realm! Blackpeak’s second rank was at the three-star Mystic immortal stage! Chen Xiaobei was a peak seven-star sky immortal! Jia Luo and Yun fanqing were mid-stage five-star heaven Immortals!
Even if all of them were to join forces, they would still not be a match for a heavenly Demon G.o.d.
However, at this moment!
The green-eyed pangolin beast King had devoured three heavenly fiendcelestials as if they were jelly beans!
The result was simply terrifying! It had a strong impact on the hearts of everyone present, making them regret coming here!
Of course, Chen Xiaobei was an exception.
Facing the green-eyed pangolin King, Chen Xiaobei was not afraid at all. He even had a confident smile on his face, as if everything was under his control.
“How can you still smile?”
Jia Luo’s brows furrowed and her face gradually turned pale. Even her voice trembled.”We should have retreated just now! Now, he was being targeted by the green-eyed pangolin King! We can’t run even if we want to!”
Yuanshe Sha, on the other hand, had an exasperated expression on his face. He gritted his teeth and said, ” “I’ve told you not to believe this guy, but you didn’t listen! Now, everyone is going to be buried with him!”
“Xuan bei …”
Yun fanqing’s brows were also tightly furrowed. Her face was filled with anxiety but she still chose to believe Chen Xiaobei.”You said you have a way. I believe you can do it!”
“Of course!”
&Quot if the green-eyed pangolin King’s cultivation was a little higher, I might have a headache. But it’s only an early one-star celestial G.o.d! I’m not afraid of it at all! &Quot
It was obvious that if the green-eyed pangolin King’s cultivation had reached the middle stage of one-star divine realm, the battle would have ended long ago. It would not have continued until now.
So, Chen Xiaobei’s guess was correct. The green-eyed pangolin King’s cultivation was at the early stage of one-star divine realm! It had relied on its superb physical talent to defeat three heavenly demonic G.o.ds alone.
This way, Chen Xiaobei was confident that he could defeat his opponent!
Witch Dragon’s nine transformation, chaos Blood Sword, demonic Dragon’s tribulation, demon subduing heart sealing talisman, Chiyou’s heavenly spear, and the power of the ancestral witch’s law … Chen Xiaobei had so many ways to win.
However, Chen Xiaobei could not use any of his trump cards that would expose his ident.i.ty. Otherwise, a hidden ident.i.ty would be completely exposed.
Of course, even if he could not use most of his trump cards, Chen Xiaobei would still be able to win.
“Night G.o.d! Dark spirit kill!”
Chen Xiaobei activated the night G.o.d dark spirit set’s special ability again.
In the blink of an eye, the power of a one-star heavenly G.o.d tier beast suddenly burst out, and with an extremely fast speed, it suddenly rushed toward the green-eyed pangolin King.
“Gululu …”
The green-eyed pangolin King’s body was indeed very strong. It jumped and its speed was three times faster than Chen Xiaobei’s.
However, this battle was not a compet.i.tion of speed, but of abilities!
Jiu fan’s immortal Qi had protected Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit, allowing him to use his own special ability!
Especially the Dharmakaya!
After devouring the jieyin’s blood essence, Chen Xiaobei’s Dharmakaya had undergone a qualitative leap. Each of his abilities had been greatly enhanced!
“Swis.h.!.+”
Suddenly, the green-eyed pangolin King took the lead and shot its long tongue at Chen Xiaobei.
“The power of the Holy demon!”
&Quot go! &Quot Chen Xiaobei shouted calmly.
A blood-red swastika suddenly appeared on his right palm.
