Chapter 3769 - 3769 Chapter 3770-it was him
3769 Chapter 3770-it was him
A storage bracelet? The core Treasury?
Purple ROC Saint gasped, his heart turning cold. Chen Xiaobei was determined to get to the bottom of this. He would not stop until he had taken everything of value.
However, Saint purple ROC could not reject it.
Just as Chen Xiaobei had said, he was still useful to Chen Xiaobei. If he made Chen Xiaobei think that he was useless, then he would be dead!
“Here … Here you go …”
Purple ROC Saint venerable trembled as he handed over his storage bracelet and the communication jade talisman.
He could no longer fight back, nor could he ask for help from the outside world. He could only be controlled by Chen Xiaobei.
&Quot let’s go. Take me to your core Treasury! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei smiled, full of antic.i.p.ation.
“Yes …”
Purple ROC Saint wanted to cry but had no tears. He took Chen Xiaobei and flew back to the Holy puppet city.
After entering the city.
Chen Xiaobei asked the purple ROC Saint to hold the heaven and earth purple flame feather fan in case anyone suspected anything.
The reason why he held it in his hand was naturally to absorb a large amount of spiritual energy.
The heaven and earth purple flame feather fan’s level was too high. Chen Xiaobei could not afford to use its power once.
Fortunately, the spiritual Qi in this Holy puppet city was extremely abundant, even better than the spiritual Qi in the heavenly court.
He would let purple ROC Saint master take the universe purple flame feather fan and absorb as much as he could.
Now that Chen Xiaobei had become the owner of the fan, he had a spiritual connection with it. He could activate its power with just a thought. If Saint purple ROC dared to do anything, Chen Xiaobei would kill him immediately!
At the same time, Chen Xiaobei also secretly absorbed the spiritual Qi into his palm to replenish the chaos Blood sword’s spiritual Qi.
Purple ROC Sacred Palace!
This was the palace of Saint purple ROC. It was extremely luxurious and huge. There were thousands of servants!
With purple ROC Saint leading the way, no one dared to say anything.
They went straight to the core Treasury, opened the door, and entered the warehouse. Everything went smoothly.
This treasure vault was also quite huge.
As the son of the Golden-winged ROC and the favorite direct disciple of the demon master kun Peng, the treasure house of purple ROC Saint was huge. Furthermore, it was rich in all kinds of resources!
Treasures, cultivation technique manuals, spiritual jades and spiritual pills … Almost everything that you could think of is here. Furthermore, they are all of high grade.
Chen Xiaobei did not hold back. With a wave of his hand, he put all the items into his infinite s.p.a.ce ring.
In the past, when Chen Xiaobei raided the enemy’s treasure vault, he would either refine most of the items or feed them to the chaos Blood Sword.
But this time, Chen Xiaobei was not willing to refine it.
All of those treasures were at the heavenly G.o.d tier and could be used to forge weapons, talismans, and elixirs. They were all extremely rare materials!
The finished divine weapons, divine talismans, and divine pills were all mid-to high-level heavenly G.o.d-level items. Chen Xiaobei could use them for himself or give them to his friends. It would be great!
As for the cultivation technique secret records, they were all ancient scrolls that could not be refined and could only be given away! Of course, he could also sell it, but he didn’t know if anyone in the heaven realm would be willing to buy it.
Finally, there was a storage bracelet that stored spiritual jades.
There were a total of 30 billion upper-cla.s.s spiritual jade pieces!
That’s right!
30 billion! Top grade!
Right now, Chen Xiaobei had 30 trillion medium-grade spiritual Jade, which was only 30 million upper-grade spiritual Jade!
In comparison, purple ROC saint’s wealth was a thousand times that of Chen Xiaobei’s!
It was terrifying!
Of course, from that moment on, all of this belonged to Chen Xiaobei.
“G.o.d Chen! I’ve agreed to all your requests, so … Can you spare my life?”
Purple ROC Saint begged Chen Xiaobei in a low voice, almost kneeling down in front of him.
“I won’t let you go!”
Chen Xiaobei shrugged. &Quot I let you out of here and now you’re calling for help. Who am I going to talk to? ”
“No! I won’t!”
“I definitely won’t call for help!” Purple ROC Saint master quickly promised. As long as you let me go, I won’t seek revenge …”
“I don’t believe you!” Chen Xiaobei interrupted. Stop talking nonsense! If you want to live, then let me see your value! Otherwise, I’ll send you on your way at any time!”
“Don’t, don’t …”
Purple ROC Saint venerable gasped and quickly lowered his voice, ” “I’ve given you everything I can give you … I really don’t know what value I have left!”
“Aren’t you the kun Peng’s favorite disciple?”
&Quot I want to take a look at kun Peng’s core Treasury! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said with a smile. &Quot bring me there! &Quot
“What?”
Purple ROC Saint master’s eyes almost popped out of his eye sockets.
He did not expect Chen Xiaobei to have such a huge appet.i.te. He wanted to swallow the kun Peng’s treasure vault. He must be crazy!
“Just a sentence! Don’t waste your time there!”
Chen Xiaobei urged impatiently.
“I … I can’t …”
“Although my master did bring me to the core Treasury, I don’t have the key to open the door!” Purple ROC Saint master said embarra.s.sedly. Secondly, the entire Yuan cult is sealed by the ‘universe-crus.h.i.+ng Holy astral exterminating formation’, and no one can enter!”
“I can’t enter?” “This is different from what I’ve heard!” Chen Xiaobei said. From what I know, someone can enter!”
Chen Xiaobei had asked the Jade Qilin Saint before. If they could offer a sacred-level treasure, or if a demon with a sacred-level bloodline wanted to be apprenticed to the kun Peng, they might be able to meet it.
In other words, it wasn’t impossible to enter the current Yuan sect!
“I really can’t get in!”
Saint purple ROC explained in a sad voice,”the” Holy Phoenix universe crus.h.i.+ng formation “is a peak quasi-Saint formation!” Unless a heavenly path Saint descends, no one can enter!”
“Change your way of thinking!”
&Quot we’re not going to raid the vault. We’re going to visit the demon master. Can we go in like this? ” Chen Xiaobei said.
“This …”
Purple ROC Saint master thought for a while and said,”it’s possible if it’s a proper greeting!” As long as he went to see eldest senior brother and obtained his approval, he would be able to enter the ‘universe divine Phoenix lingying formation’! However, with eldest senior brother by our side, we can’t go to the core Treasury!”
“Who is your eldest senior brother? How high is his cultivation?” Chen Xiaobei was thinking about whether he should go all out.
Chen Xiaobei had taken the infinite Saint demon pill and could make this pill. At a critical moment, he could even risk his primordial spirit being destroyed again to increase his combat power. He might be able to fight!
“My eldest senior brother? You want to fight him? Don’t mess around …”
Purple ROC Saint master quickly shook his head and said, ” “In the Holy puppet city, my eldest senior brother is truly an existence that is only second to one person and above all living beings! Seven-star quasi-Sage! The long-eared immortal of fixed light!”
“It’s him!” Chen Xiaobei’s eyes turned cold.
