Chapter 3763 - 3763 Chapter 3764-duping
3763 Chapter 3764-duping
What?
The Golden-winged ROC?
Chen Xiaobei and dugu zang Xian were both shocked.
Immortal dugu zang didn’t know much about the Golden-winged ROC, but a person who could afford to wear a peak-stage quasi-Sage treasured armor was definitely a top existence below the heavenly path Saint! It was terrifying!
But at the same time, Chen Xiaobei’s shock and surprise were many times greater than dugu zang Xian’s.
The Golden-winged ROC!
This was a legendary giant demon! He was even on the same level as the demon master kun Peng!
Back then, when brother monkey was escorting Tang Sanzang to retrieve the Scripture, they encountered a Golden-winged ROC. He was no match for it and went to the heavenly court for help. In the end, no one dared to help him. In the end, he had to go to the great thunderclap temple of the Western Heaven and asked for help from Buddha of many treasures before the Golden-winged ROC was subdued!
This Tathagata of many treasures was transformed from the chief disciple of the tribe of severity, the Daoist of many treasures, who was known as the most powerful man under the Saint!
It could only be subdued by the help of the Buddha of many treasures, so one could only imagine how powerful the Golden-winged great Peng was!
Of course, other than its powerful strength, the Golden ROC’s background was also rather complicated!
First of all, the Golden-winged ROC was a demon!
Secondly, he had a close relations.h.i.+p with the Jade Emperor and had his own strength in the heaven realm’s thirty-two levels of heaven!
Third, after he was captured by the Buddha of many treasures, he swore to submit to the Western religious sect. From then on, he was given the t.i.tle of Golden-winged great pengming King Bodhisattva, and still had his own power in the Western Paradise!
Because of this, purple ROC Saint master was able to give away the spirit veins of the heaven realm and the Buddha realm, as well as a million heaven immortal slaves and Vajra realm guards!
In fact, with the Golden-winged ROC as his father and his master kun Peng’s love, purple ROC Saint could easily crush golden centipede Saint and Mo Luan Saint and win Yu Lin Saint’s favor.
Furthermore, purple ROC Saint venerable had also added a kun Peng sacred Meridian pill that could give birth to the kun Peng bloodline, and a peak quasi-Saint sky glory Saint crystal armor!
As long as one was in his right mind, he would never refuse such a condition.
“Then it’s decided! I agree to betroth my granddaughter to seventh Junior Brother!”
The Jade Kylin Saint was very smart. Once the marriage was agreed, not only would he benefit, but he would also find the best man for his granddaughter. It was killing two birds with one stone!
No! Or even three eagles!
The cultivation tribulation was coming. Although the Jade Kylin Saint was powerful, he did not dare to say that he could pa.s.s the cultivation tribulation safely.
If he could hug the legs of the demon master Kunpeng and the Golden-winged ROC, the probability of pa.s.sing the cultivation tribulation would soar.
Such a marriage could even be said to be a great opportunity for Saint venerable Yu Lin and dugu zang Xian, so there was no reason to reject it.
“Thank you, second senior!”
Purple ROC Saint was extremely proud of himself, and his chin was raised high. His smile was as c.o.c.ky as he could be, and his expression was as pretentious as he could be!
On the side, golden placid Saint and Mo Luan Saint had nothing to say. Purple ROC Saint could fight for his father and master, so they had no choice but to give in.
This marriage was about to be settled.
However, immortal dugu zang didn’t say a word, as if he had silently agreed to this result.
“Xian ‘er …”
Chen Xiaobei frowned. He wanted to get up and reject the idea.
However, dugu zang Xian blinked at Chen Xiaobei. Her bright and beautiful eyes were filled with a cunning look. She had her own plans.
“Saint purple ROC!”
Immortal dugu zang replied with a serious expression,”To show your sincerity, please give me the betrothal gift first!”
Eh? Was she trying to fool the purple ROC Saint?
Chen Xiaobei was smart enough to see through dugu zang Xian’s thoughts.
Chen Xiaobei was the ancestor of all the great trickery! Dugu zang blinked, and he knew what was going to happen next!
“I haven’t asked for miss’s name!”
Purple ROC Saint venerable wasn’t in a hurry. He revealed a smile that he thought was very carefree as he stared at dugu zang Xian.
“I’m called immortal dugu zang.”
&Quot Xian ‘er … &Quot purple ROC Saint master smiled. Just as he was about to get close to her, he was interrupted.
“Don’t shout! I’m not that close to you!” Immortal dugu zang’s voice was cold and emotionless.
&Quot second senior brother has already betrothed you to me. We’re already engaged, so naturally, I can call you by your nickname, right? ” Purple ROC Saint master asked.
“My grandfather only made a verbal promise, it doesn’t count!”
“The engagement will only come into effect after the betrothal gifts are settled!” Dugu zang replied. Although young master Xuan bei’s betrothal gift is not much, he has indeed brought it, and it is countless times better than your glib talk!”
“Who said I’m talking big!”
Purple ROC Saint master’s face turned dark and his eyes were filled with anger.
Now, dugu zang Xian was comparing Chen Xiaobei to him, Saint purple ROC.
In the eyes of purple ROC Saint venerable, this was an insult! It was a great humiliation!
Purple ROC Saint master took out a Platinum pill and handed it to dugu zang Xian.
“This is the kun Peng Holy Meridian pill! There are only two of them in the entire universe, and they are priceless treasures!” Purple ROC Saint was so emotional that he wanted to beat Chen Xiaobei.
Seeing this, Yu Lin, mo Luan, and Jin Luan all stared at the elixir, unable to move their eyes away.
“What else?”
Immortal dugu zang took the pill and put it away before asking.
“Other things?”
Purple ROC Saint master’s expression changed slightly, ” “Spirit veins, servants, and guards are in the heaven realm and the Buddha realm! This is my own territory. After you marry me, all of this will belong to you!”
“You call this a gift?”
Immortal dugu zang frowned and said in dissatisfaction, ” “After I marry you, even I am yours! All the spirit veins, servants, and guards in your territory are still yours, aren’t they?”
“Husband and wife are one, what’s mine is yours!” Purple ROC Saint venerable said.
“Nice words!”
“Where’s the treasured armor?” dugu zang asked in a bad mood. Hurry up and give it to me!”
Obviously, among the four betrothal gifts that purple ROC Saint venerable had promised, the value of the first three couldn’t be compared to the armor.
Of course, immortal dugu zang was eager to give chase.
“The … The armor is still on my father’s body …”
“I’ll have to wait for my father and I to report about the engagement before I can get it for you!” Saint venerable purple ROC replied.
“You’re a liar!”
Immortal dugu zang’s little face turned black as he scolded, ” “Do you think I’m an idiot? There’s no proof. When your father says he won’t give it, do you think I can bite him?”
“I … I’m not lying to you!”
“My father promised me that armor would be the betrothal gift for me to marry the person I love!” Saint master purple ROC replied.
“I don’t believe it!”
Immortal dugu zang squinted her beautiful eyes and said coldly, ” “Unless you give me the remaining kun Peng Holy Meridian pill and I return it to you when I get the treasured armor!”
