Chapter 3735 - 3735 Chapter 3736-purpose
3735 Chapter 3736-purpose
“I know …”
The waiter reluctantly took another big bite. His life was more important, so he quickly flew back and helped the h.e.l.lhound bite off the iron chain.
Chen Xiaobei kept the h.e.l.lhound into the Sumeru s.p.a.ce, then took Xiao ‘er and flew back to the VIP tent. He pretended that nothing had happened and continued to rest on his bed.
After a period of time, the entire core military camp was in chaos.
It was obvious that the higher-ups of the demon race had already discovered that the two extremely important prisoners had suddenly disappeared.
Moreover, he had disappeared right under their noses!
Was it an enemy from the outside who sneaked in and let the criminal go? Or was there a spy inside? How did the other party do it? If he could save a prisoner without anyone knowing, he might also be able to kill the higher-ups of the demon race without anyone knowing!
There was no doubt that this matter looked like a prisoner being rescued, but the hidden huge threat made all the high-level demons uneasy, and they couldn’t sleep well!
More importantly, mo Luo Wutian had kept these two chieftains alive for another huge purpose!
Now that they had been suddenly rescued, all the higher-ups in the core military camp would be severely punished.
Once they were severely punished, some people would Harbor resentment, while others would be replaced and transferred away.
This way, Chen Xiaobei had achieved his goal.
To disrupt the enemy’s rear and paralyze the brain of the war!
This way, the demon Army at the front line would fall into chaos. Even if it was not enough to force them to retreat, it could at least guarantee that they would not launch a large-scale decisive battle for a period of time!
This was equivalent to giving the Sorcerer tribe a lot of time to rest and adjust! Whether it was to deploy troops or to strengthen the defenses of the fortress, they would play a vital role!
Coupled with the sufficient food provided by Chen Xiaobei, the witch tribe had completely recovered and their chances of winning were doubled.
Furthermore, the Sorcerer tribe would have more time to search for Chiyou’s body in the South of the Dragon Sparrow mountain and their chances of success would also increase.
This was the so-called b.u.t.terfly effect!
Because of one incident, it triggered a series of follow-up reactions.
It was not an exaggeration to say that Chen Xiaobei’s rescue by the two chieftains had saved them from a dead end!
Now, as long as he took the next step and broke the situation, success would come naturally!
That’s right!
The next move was to take advantage of the opportunity to see mo Luo Wutian and cut off the connection between the devil World and the ancient desolate land!
Of course, this move was extremely dangerous and difficult. It was not as simple as saving two hostages!
First of all, mo Luo Wutian was a peak-stage Sage-to-be.
Even if Chen Xiaobei risked his life to consume another infinite Saint demonic pill and exhaust his life, he would never be able to defeat mo Luo Wutian!
Secondly, the portal that connected the two worlds should be a special kind of s.p.a.ce portal. Chen Xiaobei was not sure if he could cut it.
Most importantly, if they cut off this pa.s.sage, would the demons be able to build another? If they couldn’t get rid of this problem, it would only be a matter of time before the demons attacked the ancient desolate land again.
Thirdly, and most importantly, if Chen Xiaobei could take care of Molo Wutian and cut off the pa.s.sage between the two worlds, would he be dragged into the turbulence of s.p.a.ce? Where would he be teleported to? In fact, would he be directly killed by the spatial chaos?
Obviously, this last move seemed simple, but if he really wanted to succeed, he still needed to risk his life!
Even if he risked his life, he might not succeed!
Of course, Chen Xiaobei’s mental state was strong. No matter how many difficulties and obstacles there were in front of him, he would not waver! He would rather die than submit!
The chaos in the military camp naturally affected the rest area for distinguished guests.
However, Jia Lou was the demon ancestor’s emissary, and the guards could prove that the guests had not left the resting area. So, Chen Xiaobei was quickly eliminated as a suspect.
After eliminating all suspicion.
Chen Xiaobei was relieved and entered the Meru s.p.a.ce.
At this moment.
There were a total of eight people in the Meru s.p.a.ce.
Emperor Jiang, candle Dragon, Xu Tianxin, h.e.l.lhound, six-eared macaque, Xuan Yu chieftains, Yan hen chieftains, and Xu Fu, the sinful slave who had eaten the heavenly dog biscuit and was 100% loyal to Chen Xiaobei!
Because they were both from the Sorcerer clan.
Emperor Jiang and candle jiuyin had already helped the two chieftains to get in touch with the divine talismans and forbidden spells that sealed their cultivation. They had also treated their injuries.
After Chen Xiaobei entered the room, he used acupuncture and some herbs to help the two chieftains heal.
Plop … Plop … &Quot
The two chieftains immediately knelt down in front of Chen Xiaobei and said, ” “Greetings, ancestral Saint Pangu! Thank you, Lord ancestral Saint, for saving my life!”
Emperor Jiang and the candle Dragon had revealed their ident.i.ties to the Chieftains.
“Stand up and talk!”
&Quot this is a special time! We need to make the best use of our time! There’s no need to be so formal! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said.
“Yes!”
The two chieftains immediately stood up. They did not try to please Chen Xiaobei.
This was the true sorcerer tribe, straightforward and without the slightest bit of scheming.
Chen Xiaobei cut to the chase and asked, ” “First, tell me, why did the demons capture you but not kill you? What were their plans? What do I want to use you for?”
“Lord holy ancestor is wise! The reason why the demons didn’t kill us is because we still have value!”
&Quot yes! &Quot the great chieftain of flame scar spoke first. &Quot while we were imprisoned, the heaven fiend demon Emperor personally came to talk to us three times. He wanted us to join the demon race and work for the demon race! &Quot
“Possessed by the devil?”
“It’s not that simple!” Chen Xiaobei frowned. The two of you are only at the one-star Mystic deity realm. The devil race doesn’t lack experts at this level! There must be some other reason for me to keep trying to rope you in!”
“Lord ancestral Saint is absolutely right!”
Xuan Yu chieftain continued, ” the demons have three real reasons for recruiting us. First, they want us to return to the 81 heavens of the primordial era and become spies! Second, let me tell you the location of the twelve divine beings killing formation! Third, let us help you remove the seal on the ancestral wizard’s corpse!”
“As expected!”
Chen Xiaobei nodded, his dark eyes s.h.i.+ning with wisdom. &Quot “The first two things are easy to understand! As for the third matter, it won’t be that simple!”
&Quot according to what you said, the demons should have found the candle Dragon’s body. However, the body was sealed by the candle Dragon himself. It has reached the peak level of Sage-to-be. &Quot
&Quot unless mo Luo Wu Tian comes in person, no one in the devil tribe can break this restriction and obtain the corpse of the candle Dragon’s ancestor of Sorcery! &Quot
“Just nice! It was impossible for mo Luo Wutian to personally come to the pa.s.sageway between the two worlds! This way, the candle Dragon’s body will belong to me!”
