Chapter 3779 - 3779 Your Majesty
3779 Your Majesty
White Bear Sacred Palace.
This was the palace of demon master kun Peng’s third direct disciple, Saint venerable White Bear.
This person’s cultivation had already reached the one-star quasi-sage realm. His bloodline was the white light Saint Hui Fei Xiong, a three-star quasi-Sage with outstanding talent.
According to Saint Qingyang, this man was a loyal follower of the demon master kun Peng. Even if his entire clan was killed, he would not betray him.
As for Taiyi, the green Goat Saint immediately understood what Chen Xiaobei meant.
Obviously, the winter solstice festival covered a very large area. In the heaven realm, as long as one had a high status, they would partic.i.p.ate in the selection of reincarnation as an ancient immortal.
Saint Qingyang knew that one of Chen Xiaobei’s reincarnated ancient Celestials was the eastern Emperor Taiyi.
“Fourth Junior Brother! Quickly try the crystal Feather tea that was nourished by the Holy Wind Mountain’s spiritual Jade that I just got! It was very sweet and rich! If you like it, I’ll give you a few big boxes to bring back and drink slowly!”
Saint venerable White Bear grinned, giving off a carefree feeling.
However, if one observed carefully, one would notice that there was a hint of stubbornness in the White Bear saint’s aura.
Obviously, this kind of simple-minded person would not scheme too much. Therefore, once he had decided on something, he would go all out. Once he had decided on someone, he would be loyal to them with his life!
Of course, it was also because of this personality of his that he had a good relations.h.i.+p with Saint Qingyang.
When the two of them met, they would smile at each other. After they sat down, they would also talk endlessly, as if they had endless things to say.
&Quot Saint Qingyang, let’s stop the chit-chat here. We should get to the main topic. &Quot
Chen Xiaobei sat quietly to the side. After observing the situation, he had already seen through the White Bear saint’s personality, so he did not want to waste any more time.
“Eh? Aren’t you my fourth Junior brother’s follower? How dare you speak like this!” Saint venerable White Bear furrowed his brows slightly.
Chen Xiaobei was using his purple-gold dragon form.
Therefore, in the eyes of the White Bear, Chen Xiaobei was just a follower of the green Goat Saint. If Chen Xiaobei had not interrupted their conversation, the White Bear Saint would not even look at Chen Xiaobei!
“Whoosh …”
Chen Xiaobei did not waste any time and immediately returned to his original form. &Quot “I am Chen Xiaobei from the Jie sect! I didn’t come here today to watch you guys chat!”
&Quot Chen … Chen … Chen Xiaobei!! &Quot
The White Bear saint’s reaction was the same as the others who had found out about Chen Xiaobei’s true ident.i.ty. He was dumbfounded and could not believe his eyes.
“How dare you appear here? You’re even with my fourth Junior Brother! You want to die! Don’t drag my fourth Junior Brother into this!”
Saint venerable White Bear roared in anger, instantly releasing a wild and terrifying pressure.
However, while his aura was enough to intimidate others, it was not enough to intimidate Chen Xiaobei.
&Quot don’t worry, Saint White Bear. I know my situation, and so do Saint Qingyang! &Quot Chen Xiaobei chuckled, completely ignoring the White Bear’s explosive aura.
“Fourth Junior Brother! What was going on? How can you be together with the enemy of the heavenly Dao?”
Saint venerable White Bear warned him anxiously, ” “Don’t forget that Chen Xiaobei was the one who destroyed the heavenly court! If the heavenly Dao knew that he was still alive, it would definitely issue a heavenly Dao killing order! From the Dao ancestors down to the common people, everyone must pursue him at all costs, not stopping until he dies!”
&Quot third senior brother, don’t be impatient. Let me explain! &Quot
Saint Qingyang was calmer and said slowly, ” &Quot first of all, the fact that G.o.d Chen is still alive and not known to the heavenly Dao is a sign of how powerful he is. You are worrying too much! &Quot
“Secondly, I’ve already formed an alliance with G.o.d Chen to stop the kun Peng from becoming a Sage and to protect the prime of Tongtian! Protect the Jie sect! That’s why we’re here now, hoping that you’ll join the alliance!”
&Quot the third and most important point … &Quot
Before Saint Qingyang could finish his sentence, he was interrupted by the Furious Saint White Bear.
“Shut up!”
“Old thief Qingyang!” Saint venerable White Bear roared. To think that I’ve always thought that you’re a loyal and empathetic person, and treated you like my own brother! I didn’t expect you to be so heartless! You want to betray master!”
“Whoosh …”
Obviously, Saint venerable White Bear had a bad temper. Before he could finish his words, the immortal essence in his body was already running wildly.
Then, a pure white primordial chaos holy light enveloped his body. It gave off an ancient majesty and was sacred and inviolable.
The primordial chaos holy light could only be activated when one was at least in the pre-Saint realm.
And this was also the White Bear saint’s strongest trump card. It could be seen that he was really loyal to kun Peng and would never tolerate a traitor! In fact, he might even kill Chen Xiaobei and the green Goat Saint in the next second!
“Fourth Junior Brother! For the sake of our billions of years of friends.h.i.+p, I’ll give you one last chance! Tell me, what you just said was all nonsense! You’ve been bewitched by Chen Xiaobei, not what you think!”
Luckily, although Saint venerable White Bear had a bad temper, he was not a heartless person.
At this point, he still wanted to pull Saint Qingyang back to kun Peng’s side by force, so that he could save his life.
“Third senior! Every word I said just now was what I thought from the bottom of my heart! I know you’re angry, but please let me finish my last sentence!” The green Goat Saint said hurriedly.
“I don’t want to listen! Since you’re so stubborn, then you can die with Chen Xiaobei!” Saint venerable White Bear roared hysterically. Clearly, Saint venerable Qingyang’s betrayal had greatly provoked him.
At this moment, Saint venerable White Bear had turned into a bloodthirsty, brutal, and irrational demonic bear!
If he attacked, Chen Xiaobei and the green Goat Saint would be dead!
“Swish …”
However, at this moment, a figure flew out from the Meru s.p.a.ce and stood in front of Saint venerable White Bear.
This person was a handsome young man with long hair. His hair and clothes fluttered in the wind. His temperament was extremely otherworldly, and his Sage-like demeanor was fully revealed.
Whoosh … Whoosh …
More importantly, this person’s body was emitting a special celestial core power that was like the light of the sun, moon, and stars.
In the entire universe, there was only one person who possessed this kind of celestial core power!
East Emperor Taiyi!
“Hiss …”
Just a second ago, Saint venerable White Bear was on the verge of going crazy and killing everyone. However, the moment he saw the celestial core power, he froze on the spot as if he had been hit by a petrifying spell.
&Quot you … You’re the East Emperor!? &Quot
After a few seconds of silence, Saint venerable White Bear finally opened his mouth and asked.
At the same time, his muscular body was actually trembling. His bell-like eyes were a little red, and his breathing was getting more and more rapid. He couldn’t even control himself.
“Naturally, it’s me!”
Taiyi smiled and said calmly, ” if you don’t believe me, I can show you my talent. &Quot Suppress all races!”
