Chapter 3757 - 3757 Relying on
3757 Relying on
&Quot because my cultivation base has been suppressed all this time, I’ve rarely fought personally. That’s why I’ve never revealed my demonic beast form … &Quot
Immortal dugu zang composed himself and said, ” “My bloodline is the Holy ice jade Kirin!”
“Sacred ice? Jade Kylin?”
Chen Xiaobei’s eyes were filled with shock.
First of all, just from the name, one could tell that dugu zang Xian’s bloodline was of a very high grade. In the demon race, it was definitely an extremely n.o.ble existence!
Secondly, ever since the first immeasurable catastrophe, the Qilin race had been exterminated. The total number of Qilin that were still alive in the heavens and worlds would probably not exceed a hundred!
The last and most important point.
Not long ago, Chen Xiaobei had obtained the bone marrow of the black gold water Kirin, which had allowed him to break through several realms!
The divine blood Bodhi tree that Chen Xiaobei had planted also came from a drop of the blood Kirin’s blood essence.
It was clear that the entire body of the Qilin clan was a treasure. Furthermore, it was of great help to one’s cultivation! In fact, many powerful beings in the universe regarded Qilin as prey and would do their best to capture it if they had the opportunity.
Because of this, after the first immeasurable cultivation tribulation, the number of the Qilin clan did not increase. Instead, they became fewer and fewer, which was why they were called rare.
As for dugu zang Xian’s true form, the Holy ice jade Kylin, just from its name, one could tell that it was the rarest of the rarest. In all the heavens and myriad worlds, there were probably no more than three Kylin of her kind.
Chen Xiaobei could not help but break out in cold sweat for dugu zang Xian.
This girl was really bold! He actually dared to ascend alone and come to the Holy puppet city alone!
One should know that she was merely a one-star celestial being. On the way here, she could probably be caught by anyone! If she returned to her demon form, her bones, skin, and flesh could be sold for a sky-high price! Every drop of blood would be squeezed dry! Every bit of bone marrow would be sucked dry!
Chen Xiaobei felt a chill run down his spine just thinking about the terrifying outcome.
Fortunately, dugu zang Xian was used to moving around in human form and probably didn’t reveal her bloodline’s special ability or her demon form along the way. Otherwise, she definitely wouldn’t have been able to come here!
“What’s the level of your bloodline?”
Chen Xiaobei asked.
“Level?”
“I didn’t know at first, but I asked the guards when I entered the city, and they said that the sacred ice jade Kylin is a peak quasi-Saint sacred demon …” Dugu zang Xian said.
&Quot peak … Peak of Sage-to-be!? &Quot
Chen Xiaobei was even more shocked.
The black gold water Kirin’s bone marrow that he had obtained previously was only a five-star divine tier. Compared to dugu zang Xian, it was like a speck of dust compared to the sun and moon. The difference was simply too great.
“Strange …”
Chen Xiaobei was surprised, but he was still calm. &Quot “The level of your bloodline is so high that you shouldn’t be able to take on a complete human form before you become a quasi-Sage! However, when you were still an earth immortal, you were already in a complete human form …”
“I don’t know why …”
“In any case, we Holy ice jade Kylin race can transform into human form from the moment we were born without any cultivation!” Dugu zang Xian said. My father once said that our clan seems to have a deep relations.h.i.+p with the human clan!”
Apparently, dugu zang Xian had grown up in the earth-G.o.d Realm and only knew that she was from the Holy ice jade Kylin race. She knew nothing about the origins, secrets, and history of her race. She could only slowly search for answers after coming to the heaven realm.
&Quot this time, I came here under the guidance of the Dark Universe seal in order to find the headquarters of the family. Firstly, I can have someone to rely on, and secondly, I can have a deeper understanding of the family history! &Quot
Dugu zang Xian wasn’t an ordinary little girl. She had a very clear goal in mind and she had already made her own long-term plans.
“I think you should not reveal your ident.i.ty too early!” Chen Xiaobei said. Otherwise, it’s very likely that you’ll be killed!”
“Who would kill me? An elder of my clan?”
Dugu zang’s expression froze for a moment before he shook his head and said, ” &Quot I have no grudges with them, and I can even help them. Besides, we are like family. They have no reason to kill me! &Quot
“This is not like the Xian ‘er I know!”
“You used to doubt everything!” Chen Xiaobei said. Even if it was me, you would only believe half of it! But now, I’m not suspicious at all!”
It was clear that Chen Xiaobei and dugu zang Xian used to have a very delicate relations.h.i.+p. They had formed an alliance but were also wary of each other. They had never trusted each other 100%.
It was not until Chen Xiaobei saved dugu zang Xian’s master, Athena, and resolved the knot in dugu zang Xian’s heart that the two of them finally trusted each other.
At this moment, dugu zang Xian actually didn’t have the slightest doubt about a completely unfamiliar clan. This was indeed not her character.
“It’s not that I don’t have my suspicions, but even if I do, what can I do?”
Sighing helplessly, immortal dugu zang said, ” &Quot with my current cultivation, I’m just an ant at the bottom of the heaven realm. If I don’t find someone to rely on quickly and gain a firm foothold, what awaits me is death! &Quot
“This is the Xianer I know!”
&Quot you’re right! &Quot Chen Xiaobei raised his eyebrows. &Quot so, you did suspect something! &Quot However, you’re worried that your cultivation level is too low. Once you reveal your demon form in the immortal world, you’ll die without a doubt! That’s why you came here to take a gamble. If this family can be relied on, you won’t have to be so scared anymore!”
“You’re right!” “There’s still a chance of survival if I take a gamble. If I don’t, I don’t know when I’ll die without a burial place!” Dugu zang Xian said.
“Don’t say such demoralizing words! Didn’t I find you? From now on, I’ll be your support!” Chen Xiaobei said, patting his chest.
“Yup …”
Immortal dugu zang couldn’t help but reveal an extremely stunning and beautiful smile.”You’re my fiancé! Of course, I have to rely on you!”
“Uh …”
Chen Xiaobei was taken aback.
Back in the earth-G.o.d Realm, Chen Xiaobei had formed an alliance with dugu zang Xian and announced to the public that they were engaged. Chen Xiaobei did not expect dugu zang Xian to still remember this, which made him feel a little embarra.s.sed.
Among all his female friends, Chen Xiaobei and dugu zang Xian’s relations.h.i.+p was the shallowest. It could even be said that before saving Athena and unraveling dugu zang Xian’s knot in his heart, there was no relations.h.i.+p between the two.
But now, dugu zang Xian was smiling like a flower and his eyes were bright. It was clear that he was not joking. He was serious about treating Chen Xiaobei as his fiancé.
“Come back to the family with me!” “I’m only at ease with you around!” Dugu zang Xian said.
