Chapter 3778 - 3778 What a coincidence
3778 What a coincidence
“Hiss!”
A terrifying purple fireball suddenly burst out from the heaven and earth purple flame feather fan!
But!
At this moment!
The terrifying purple fireball didn’t hit Saint Qingyang, but landed on Saint purple ROC instead!
“Bang!”
The terrifying power directly blew purple ROC Saint venerable’s body into pieces.
Then, the dismembered body was quickly burned by the purple flames. Not even a bit of flesh or a drop of blood was left. Only the black ash on the ground was left. When the wind blew, it all scattered.
As for purple ROC Saint venerable’s primordial spirit, it was also unable to withstand a single blow. It was directly destroyed in the purple flames, leaving no trace behind.
Just like that, a dignified quasi-Sage second generation was directly obliterated.
Even at the moment of his death, purple ROC Saint did not understand why Chen Xiaobei wanted to kill him.
“Swis.h.!.+”
Then, the heaven and earth purple flame feather fan flew into the hands of its real owner, Chen Xiaobei.
&Quot this … This … What the h.e.l.l is going on?! &Quot
Saint Qingyang was dumbfounded. His eyes were bigger than a bull’s, and his mouth was so wide that a fist could fit in it. His brain was about to short-circuit.
“I’m a person who values friends.h.i.+p, and I like your character! I look down on heartless and despicable people like Zi Peng the most!”
Chen Xiaobei said.
“Don’t … Don’t think that I will betray the demon master by doing this!” “You can go!” The green Goat Saint said solemnly. Since you killed Zi Peng for me, I won’t reveal your whereabouts!”
It was clear that the Lord was not only a loyal person, but also a man of his word. Since he had said so, he would not reveal Chen Xiaobei’s whereabouts.
“It’s impossible to leave!”
“You are loyal to your Sifu, and so am I!” Chen Xiaobei said. If kun Peng becomes a Saint, my master will be in danger! Therefore, I have to stop kun Peng no matter what!”
“Your master? Sect master Tongtian?” Saint Qingyang was slightly stunned, and his eyes revealed a complicated look.
“What’s with that expression? Don’t tell me you know my master?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
&Quot in the universe, who doesn’t know the famous Shangqing’s Lingbao Tianzun, Tongtian sect leader? ”
The green Goat Saint sighed and said, ” “Sect master Tongtian founded the tribe of severity and recruited disciples widely. No matter how strong or weak the race is, no matter how n.o.ble or lowly the bloodline is, as long as you are a disciple of the tribe of Jie, you will all be treated equally!”
“It seems that you don’t just know my master!” Chen Xiaobei’s eyes narrowed.
“To be honest, my father used to be a disciple of the tribe of severity! When the Jie sect was at its most powerful, there was a Golden Age where tens of thousands of Immortals came to pay homage to them! And my father is one of those ten thousand Immortals! It is all thanks to the guidance and help of the elders of the tribe of severity that I can achieve what I have today!”
Saint Qingyang’s expression was complicated. He sighed and said, ” &Quot I used to dream of joining the tribe of severity, but I didn’t expect that the Tongtian Sage and the tribe of severity would both fall under the third immeasurable cultivation tribulation! &Quot
“No! You’re wrong!”
“The Jie sect did not fall!” Chen Xiaobei said. My master didn’t fall either! As long as you’re willing, I can fulfill your dream of joining the Jie sect! Moreover, I can guarantee that my master will still treat you and your entire race with the same att.i.tude!”
&Quot is … Is this true?! &Quot Saint Qingyang’s expression changed.
If kun Peng was not good to him, it was not a reason for him to betray him! In that case, joining the tribe of severity would be good for him and the entire tribe. This reason might be sufficient!
“There is no master-disciple relations.h.i.+p between you and kun Peng!”
“To put it bluntly, you’re just a p.a.w.n that he prepared in advance!” When the cataclysm comes, you’ll definitely be sent to the front to die as cannon fodder! As for the fate of the sheep race, there’s no need to say anything more!”
&Quot phew … &Quot the Lord heaved a sigh of relief. Even though he did not want to admit it, Chen Xiaobei was telling the truth.
The kun Peng didn’t care about Saint Qingyang and the sheep race.
However, all these years, the most dangerous, toughest, and unprofitable tasks had been done by Saint Qingyang. The sheep race was like slaves, living at the bottom of the Holy puppet city.
“G.o.d Chen! You’re right!”
“Although I don’t want to betray you, I can’t let my decision alone cause the entire clan to lose their future!” The green Goat Saint said solemnly. I want to join the Jie sect, so that my whole clan can be protected by the Jie sect! At least in the future, the young of our sheep race will have dreams, hopes, and a future!”
“Good! I’ve been waiting for you to say that!” Chen Xiaobei was overjoyed.
It was obvious that Saint Qingyang was a gentleman, a broad-minded person, and treated his people well.
Only someone like this was worthy of being Chen Xiaobei’s ally.
As for the purple ROC Saint, Chen Xiaobei would get rid of him sooner or later.
Having such a heartless villain by your side is like having a time bomb. You have no idea when he will bite you back and make you fall into a place of eternal d.a.m.nation.
“What should I do? Please give me your orders, G.o.d Chen!” The green Goat Saint asked.
“I want all the resources in your Treasury!” &Quot of course! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said. &Quot you can keep some important things in case you need them! &Quot
“No problem!”
The Lord did not even blink and immediately led Chen Xiaobei to the Treasury.
A gentleman valued relations.h.i.+ps and righteousness!
Anyone who had these two qualities would definitely keep their promise once they made a decision and would never be sneaky.
When they arrived at the Treasury, the Lord only took back a few treasures, pills, and cultivation techniques. He only kept them after Chen Xiaobei had a look at them.
He then pa.s.sed the rest of the items to Chen Xiaobei.
Among them, there were 30 billion upper-cla.s.s spiritual Jade and countless high-level resources.
Chen Xiaobei accepted all of them.
All of this was to prevent the kun Peng from becoming a saint and to protect the prime of Tongtian. Chen Xiaobei would repay the Saint in the future.
“Let’s go, we’ll go visit your third senior now! If it’s possible, I hope that he can also submit to me!” Chen Xiaobei calmed himself down and immediately took action.
&Quot third senior brother … This might be a little difficult … &Quot
The green Goat Saint said as he walked, ” “Third senior is absolutely loyal to kun Peng! Furthermore, third senior’s entire clan was also loyal to the yuan religion! Even if we kill him and exterminate his entire clan, it won’t change!”
“Do you mean that their belief is the yuan religion of kun Peng?” Chen Xiaobei frowned.
&Quot no, their faith is the ancient heavenly court of the demon race! &Quot
“Kun Peng was East Emperor Taiyi and West Emperor Jun, the third most powerful being in the demon heavenly court!” The green Goat Saint said in a deep voice. With Taiyi and Emperor Jun gone, the demon master Kunpeng has become their highest faith!”
“Oh, what a coincidence!” “I’ve brought him Taiyi!” Chen Xiaobei smiled.
