Chapter 3764 - 3764 A problem
3764 A problem
“This … This won’t do!”
Purple ROC Saint master was stunned and said in a deep voice, ” “There are only two kun Peng sacred Meridian pills in the world! It’s a treasure that master gave me. I have to keep the last one!”
“Why are you so nervous?”
Immortal dugu zang replied indifferently,”I’ll only take one of these pills. There’s no use for me to take two!” It’s nothing more than a peace of mind!”
“With my status, Would I Lie to You? What’s there to worry about?” Purple ROC Saint venerable said.
“Since you won’t lie to me, why don’t you give me the pill first? I’ll return it to you after we’ve settled the marriage agreement. What’s wrong with that?” dugu zang asked.
&Quot this … &Quot purple ROC Saint master was speechless.
He definitely wasn’t stupid. He already had a faint feeling that he might have been tricked.
Earlier, dugu zang Xian had provoked him by saying that he was not as good as Chen Xiaobei. In a moment of anger, he gave a kun Peng Holy Meridian pill to dugu zang Xian.
At this moment, dugu zang Xian became even more aggressive. He wanted a second one, but he didn’t know whether to give it or not. He was in a dilemma and was extremely depressed.
“It seems like you’re not proposing to me sincerely!”
Immortal dugu zang took out the kun Peng Holy Meridian elixir that he had just put away and handed it over on purpose, ” “I’ll return it to you! We don’t even have the most basic trust between us, so we won’t be happy together in the future!”
“This …”
Purple ROC Saint master was stunned and was in a dilemma.
If he took back the pill, he would be giving up on immortal dugu zang completely! However, if he didn’t take back this pill, he would have to compensate with another one!
This kind of multiple choice question could really make people want to vomit blood.
Chen Xiaobei, who was sitting in the back, almost burst out laughing. He silently gave dugu zang a few hundred likes.
This girl had really learned the essence of the great trickery technique.
If purple ROC Saint gave up, dugu zang Xian could naturally reject the engagement and not be pestered by him.
If purple ROC Saint didn’t give up, dugu zang Xian would cheat him of two priceless Saint pills and leave. He would cry his eyes out.
“Xian er! Don’t mess around!”
However, at this moment, Saint Yu Lin stood out and said, ” “Saint purple ROC has given you a pill, which is enough to show his sincerity! Grandpa is willing to vouch for him. He would never lie to you!”
“Thank you, second senior!” Purple ROC Saint master felt as if he had been granted Amnesty and quickly thanked him.
Obviously, what Jade Kylin Saint said had solved purple ROC saint’s problem. One pill was enough to solve it.
“Grandfather, why don’t you vouch for me?”
Of course, dugu zang Xian wouldn’t agree. His little face darkened as he said in a bad mood,”Since grandfather has acknowledged me as his granddaughter, he should have absolute trust in me! I won’t lie to Saint purple ROC! If Grandpa doesn’t trust me, then just pretend I never came here today!”
After that, dugu zang Xian placed the pill on the coffee table beside Chen Xiaobei and turned to leave.
“My good granddaughter! Don’t go! It was grandpa’s fault! Don’t you go!”
Saint Jade Kylin really regarded dugu zang Xian as his granddaughter. He felt his heart ache and quickly chased after her.
Immortal dugu zang pouted and didn’t give Saint Jade Kylin any face.
“Alright, alright, alright! I’ll listen to you!”
Jade Kylin Saint calmed himself down and looked at purple ROC Saint, ” “Seventh Junior Brother, as you can see, this old man can’t do anything about this girl! How about this, this old man will vouch for this girl! Give her both pills temporarily! On the day the engagement is confirmed, I will personally return one to you!”
“This …”
Purple ROC Saint was stunned again. The problem that he had just solved was thrown at him again.
Here! Engaged!
No! Goodbye!
How should he choose? Purple ROC Saint was really conflicted.
“What’s wrong? Don’t tell me you don’t even trust me?” Saint Yu Lin asked in a deep voice.
“No! Of course I trust second s.h.i.+xiong … We’ll do as second s.h.i.+xiong says!”
In the end, purple ROC Saint venerable couldn’t resist dugu zang Xian’s beauty.
Of course, he valued dugu zang Xian’s peak-stage Sage-to-be bloodline more. If the two were to be together, their child would be extremely talented and unparalleled in the future!
Purple ROC Saint master finally made up his mind. He took out the second and last kun Peng sacred Meridian elixir and gave it to dugu zang Xian.
“Alright, I’m done!”
Dugu zang Xian smiled sweetly and said, ” “This is your wedding gift! When the treasured armor is in my hands, it will be considered an official betrothal gift. When the marriage contract takes effect, I will return you a medicinal pill!”
“O-okay!” Purple ROC Saint master heaved a long sigh and asked with antic.i.p.ation, ” “Can I call you Xian ‘er now?”
“No!”
Dugu zang put away the two pills and shook his head,”We have to wait until the betrothal gifts are sent! Everyone here is a respected figure, so there must be rules. Otherwise, we’ll be laughed at by outsiders!”
“Alright …”
Purple ROC Saint master’s eyes focused and he said impatiently, ” “I’ll go back and report our engagement to father. If father is fine, he’ll be able to deliver the treasured armor today at the earliest!”
“What if he’s not?” Immortal dugu zang asked.
“If there’s something … I might have to wait for a few days!” &Quot the cultivation tribulation is coming. My father is very busy. I hope that immortal … Lady dugu can be patient! &Quot said Saint purple ROC.
“It doesn’t matter. I have a lot of time and patience.” Immortal dugu zang smiled slyly as he had other plans in mind.
“If that’s the case, I won’t disturb you anymore!”
Purple ROC Saint venerable cupped his hands and left.
“We’ll also take our leave!”
Saint mo Luan and Saint Jin Luan had long wanted to leave, so they stood up and left.
“Second senior!”
But then, purple ROC Saint, who had just left, turned back and glared at Chen Xiaobei with hostility. &Quot “If I’m not mistaken, this brat is also one of young lady dugu’s suitors! I hope that he can disappear from young lady dugu’s side! It’s best if he never appears!”
“Don’t worry, seventh Junior Brother. I’ll ask this young man to leave after having a few words with him!” Saint Yu Lin said seriously.
Obviously, the old man was telling the truth when he said that he would not let Chen Xiaobei stay.
“Good! With second senior brother’s words, I can rest a.s.sured!” Purple ROC Saint venerable nodded and left.
“What did the old man want to say to me?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“You’re a good kid! However, you and I don’t match in terms of social status, so we can’t be a family!”
The Jade Kylin Saint said in a deep voice,”I’ll give you the three Jade Kylin divine origin pills!” Please leave Xian ‘er, and never disturb her life!”
“Grandpa! You can’t let Xuan bei go!”
“Anyone with eyes can see that Xuan bei will be killed by Saint purple ROC the moment he leaves!” Dugu zang Xian panicked.
“It’s fine!”
“As long as you answer one of my questions honestly, I will leave immediately!” Chen Xiaobei said.
