Chapter 3793 - 3793 Chapter 3794-not fighting
3793 Chapter 3794-not fighting
“Whoosh …”
Houtu held Chen Xiaobei’s hand and used the reincarnation orb to dispel the formation’s effect on the celestial Hound.
“Wuu … Uh … Who is it? Who saved me?”
Soon, the celestial Hound woke up, its eyes full of doubt.
“Heavenly roar! It’s me! I’m Chen Xiaobei!”
Chen Xiaobei immediately helped the celestial Hound up and said excitedly, ” “Good brother! We’ve finally met!”
“Bro bei! Is … Is it really you?” The celestial Hound couldn’t believe its eyes and even suspected that it was still in an illusion.
“It’s me! You’ve seen my photos! How can it be fake?” “It’s great to see you safe and sound!” Chen said.
The celestial Hound heard this and also revealed an excited smile, ” “We used to talk about drinking together in the group … I didn’t expect our first meeting to be in this place!”
“You’ll have plenty of chances to drink!”
&Quot let’s go! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said, ” the most important thing now is to save Taiyin true deity and find Monkey King! As long as brother monkey is safe, the three of us can drink as much as we want!”
“This is easy!”
The celestial Hound grinned, then twitched its nose.
Obviously, he was sniffing for the aura of the Taiyin true deity.
However, very quickly, his expression changed completely. His smile disappeared completely and was replaced by a frown and a look of bewilderment.
“What’s wrong?” Chen Xiaobei could tell that something was wrong and quickly asked.
“He’s gone!”
&Quot the aura of the Taiyin true deity has disappeared, ” the celestial Hound said. &Quot in addition, the aura of my Erlang immortal master has also disappeared! &Quot
“It disappeared? &Quot this … &Quot Chen Xiaobei was equally shocked and puzzled.
“There’s only one possibility of him disappearing!”
Houtu said seriously with her beautiful eyes, ” “Taiyin true deity and Yang Jian both saw through the Dao of reincarnation and rushed out of this formation!”
&Quot see … See through the Dao of reincarnation!? &Quot Chen Xiaobei and the celestial Hound could not believe what they were seeing.
However, after thinking about it carefully, it was really possible.
Taiyin true deity and Yang Jian were both geniuses, and they had been in a desperate situation more than once.
And this time, they had also relied on their own talent, wisdom, and courage to charge out of the desperate situation.
This was definitely possible!
“But when we came in, we didn’t see them!” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“According to my guess …”
Houtu a.n.a.lyzed, ” Taiyin true deity is here for the reincarnation Pearl! &Quot However, at the same time as Taiyin true deity, Yang Jian had also seen through the Dao of reincarnation! In order to protect the Saint Pearl, Taiyin true deity left this s.p.a.ce and led Yang Jian away!”
“You mean, they have already left this place?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“Yes, I can confirm that they are not here!”
The celestial Hound said with certainty,”this little sister’s a.n.a.lysis is correct!” When immortal Erlang and I were chasing after Taiyin true deity, we already found out that he was indeed looking for something!”
“Forget it. Since they’re not here, let’s leave.”
“Oh right, heavenly roar, how many of you are chasing after Taiyin true deity?” Chen Xiaobei asked. How many people are trapped in this formation?”
&Quot this time, Erlang immortal master brought a total of 3000 celestial soldiers, but 1000 of them were lost on the way. 1700 were killed by Taiyin true immortal. There should be 300 celestial soldiers left in this formation … &Quot the celestial Hound said.
“Only 300 celestial soldiers?” &Quot Houtu! &Quot Chen Xiaobei grinned and said, ” Houtu, remove the formation! &Quot Kill these 300 gra.s.shoppers, and I will take the underground spiritual vein!”
Obviously, Chen Xiaobei was in need of spiritual Qi. There was no way he would let go of an entire quasi-Holy spiritual vein.
Once the spiritual vein was emptied, the formation would stop and the people trapped inside would regain their freedom and become Chen Xiaobei’s enemy.
That was why Chen Xiaobei wanted to kill them all.
Of course, if they were willing to submit to Chen Xiaobei, that would be a different story.
“Bro bei! Can you please not kill them?”
“These heavenly soldiers are all Erlang immortal master’s personal soldiers. They can be considered my Good Brothers …” The celestial Hound said.
&Nbsp ” I’m fine with not killing them, ” Chen Xiaobei said, frowning. &Quot but, can you guarantee that they won’t kill me? ”
“I can guarantee that!”
“Well, I’m their superior!” The celestial Hound grinned.
Obviously, the celestial Hound also had an official position in the celestial heavens! Moreover, the cultivation of a five-star quasi-Sage was much stronger than some heavenly generals, so his status and power were naturally higher!
“Good! I believe you!” Chen Xiaobei nodded and gave Houtu a look.
“Whoosh …”
With a thought, Houtu removed the entire formation.
All the fog in the surroundings had dispersed. On the ground, there were many skeletons. They were obviously people who had been trapped to death in the past trillion years.
These people came from different races, with different cultivation and ident.i.ties.
However, they all had one thing in common!
That was, they all had storage bracelets, s.p.a.ce rings, and even a dimensional s.p.a.ce!
“This is really a pleasant surprise!”
Chen Xiaobei had only wanted one spiritual vein, but he did not expect to get so many resources from the place.
This unexpected surprise was really great.
“Woof! Buzzzzzz! Yi …”
However, before he could get anything, the 300 celestial soldiers flew up and surrounded him at a very fast speed.
These celestial soldiers were all nine-Star Mystic Immortals, and their weapons and equipment were not low in level. It was clear that they were elite troops personally built by Yang Jian.
“General Xiao Tian! Are you alright?”
Although the heavenly soldiers had surrounded the scene, they did not make a move.
“Whoosh …”
The celestial Hound turned into a human, which was actually a young man wearing black clothes, ” “I’m fine! From now on, we will form an alliance with G.o.d Chen to find Erlang immortal master!”
“What? He … He is Chen Xiaobei? Isn’t he dead?”
The heavenly soldiers were shocked. Some of them were so frightened that their faces changed and they broke out in cold sweat.
“It’s a long story, I’ll explain it to you later! However, if we want to save Erlang immortal master, we’ll need G.o.d Chen’s help!” The celestial Hound said.
“This …”
The 300 celestial soldiers hesitated, but after some hesitation, they chose to obey. &Quot “As you command! Since general Xiao Tian has said so, we will definitely follow his orders!”
It had to be said that Yang Jian still had some skills.
The soldiers he trained were all very loyal and brave. Once they heard that they were going to save him, no one retreated. Even if death was in front of them, they would not retreat.
Moreover, these soldiers were very disciplined and absolutely obeyed orders without any doubts.
“Heavenly roar …”
Chen Xiaobei pulled the celestial Hound to his side and said, ” “These soldiers are too loyal … When I go to war with Yang Jian, they’ll definitely fight to the death to protect their master! He’s still a problem …”
“I won’t fight!” The celestial Hound heavily shook its head, its att.i.tude was very firm.
