Chapter 3756 - 3756 Chapter 3757-clan
3756 Chapter 3757-clan
&Quot your … Your Excellency, Who are you?! &Quot
The fire bull demon was already frightened because it could not retract its arm. Now that Chen Xiaobei’s pressure was on it, its scalp went numb and it broke out in a cold sweat. Its heart was beating so fast that it felt like it was going to jump out of its throat.
This brat’s cultivation was obviously so low! Why did he have such a powerful special ability? Why was there such a terrifying pressure?
This pressure was comparable to the Lord’s!
It was simply too, too terrifying!
The fire bull demon’s heart was beating like a drum. It could not imagine what kind of person Chen Xiaobei was.
“Kneel down!”
Chen Xiaobei did not explain, but only said two words coldly.
“Your Excellency, if you have something to say, say it properly! I’m a henchman of the purple ROC Saint! My family’s Lord is the demon master’s third direct disciple! For the sake of my Lord, please don’t embarra.s.s me!”
The fire bull demon squinted and said coldly, ” “If I kneel down in the street, I will be disgracing my Lord! My Lord has always been concerned about his reputation. If things really get to that point, you will not be able to bear the consequences!”
The moment he said that, his doubts from before were answered.
Just as Chen Xiaobei had guessed, the fire bull had a very powerful backer behind him. That was why he dared to be so arrogant.
Purple ROC Saint! The third direct disciple of the kun Peng!
From the looks of it, he had probably entered the quasi-sage realm. In the Holy puppet city, he was definitely at the top of the pyramid.
Most people would try to curry favor with purple ROC Saint and would never dare to embarra.s.s him.
That was why the fire bull demon used the name of the purple ROC Saint, thinking that it could suppress Chen Xiaobei and turn the big issue into a small one.
In other words, she was threatening Chen Xiaobei!
If Chen Xiaobei dared to make the fire bull demon kneel, he would have to face the consequences!
The fire bull demon’s plan was well thought out, but it had underestimated Chen Xiaobei.
Chen Xiaobei would not even give face to the heavenly Dao, let alone the purple ROC Saint.
“Whoosh …”
Chen Xiaobei did not ask to kneel for the third time. Instead, he attacked.
It had bullied dugu zang and even dared to threaten Chen Xiaobei. The fire bull demon was courting death!
All of a sudden, the small black hole began to spin in the opposite direction. The power it had just absorbed was completely unleashed. With the addition of the Golden Dragon Fire Phoenix’s special ability, its destructive power was close to a peak one-star Mystic immortal.
“Ka! Ka! Ka …”
With the sound of bones cracking, the fire bull demon’s thick right arm was twisted and turned into a sc.r.a.p.
”
The brutal pain caused the fire bull demon to scream hysterically.
His entire face was contorted into a ball, and cold sweat poured down like rain. His tall and strong body was even trembling from the pain.
For a moment, the screams of the fire bull demon attracted the attention of many pa.s.sers-by. They all pointed at it and discussed it.
“Look! Wasn’t the fire bull a subordinate of Saint venerable purple ROC? How did he end up in such a miserable state?”
“Who is that young man with the purple-gold dragon vein? Even though you have the strength, you can’t look down on Saint purple ROC!”
“Yup! A strong Dragon can not suppress a snake in its own territory! I’m afraid this young purple-gold dragon Demon is going to get himself killed!”
“What a pity! Such a n.o.ble bloodline is going to be buried in vain …”
It was obvious that the purple ROC Saint had a high status.
As the saying goes, you have to look at the owner before hitting the dog!
Although the fire bull demon was a small fry, hitting him was the same as slapping Saint purple ROC in the face. No ordinary person would dare to do this even if they had the guts.
Since Chen Xiaobei had already done it, he was not far from death.
“I don’t want to say the same thing a third time!”
Of course, Chen Xiaobei was not afraid at all. He had come to the Holy puppet city to seek revenge. He had to take care of kun Peng, the demonic master, so he would not back down from a mere purple Peng!
“Plop!”
The fire bull demon immediately knelt on the ground and did not dare to say another word.
He had personally experienced Chen Xiaobei’s terror. This kid was a ruthless man! I can’t go against his will, or I’ll only suffer more pain!
“I’m sorry, this is all my fault!”
The fire bull demon apologized to dugu zang Xian, afraid that Chen Xiaobei would not be satisfied. It even kowtowed three times.
“Whoosh …”
Chen Xiaobei then retracted his black hole and said, ” “Get lost!”
The fire bull demon felt as if it had been pardoned. It quickly got up, covered its twisted arm, and ran away.
After running far away, the fire bull demon roared angrily, ” “Little brat! I’ll remember you! If you have the guts, don’t leave the Holy puppet city! I want you dead! I’ll definitely kill you!”
The crowd sighed and looked at Chen Xiaobei with sympathy, regret, and regret as if he was already a dead man.
A trace of worry could be seen in dugu zang’s eyes as he hurriedly said,”Let’s quickly find a place to hide! This place is no longer safe!”
“Follow me!”
Chen Xiaobei was very calm.
Chen Xiaobei found an empty corner and hid the Meru s.p.a.ce in a secret crevice. Then, he and dugu zang Xian entered the Meru s.p.a.ce.
“Bro bei! How’s the situation?”
In the Meru s.p.a.ce, Emperor Jiang, Xu Tianxin, and the others immediately came to greet him. They were very concerned about Chen Xiaobei’s situation.
Chen Xiaobei told him about how he had plotted against mo Luo Wutian.
Everyone was relieved, but they did not dare to relax completely. After all, once the kun Peng became a Saint, the situation would become very serious. This matter was urgent and had to be resolved as soon as possible.
Soon after.
Chen Xiaobei and dugu zang Xian went to a corner of the garden.
“Xian ‘er, why didn’t you tell me that you’ve ascended? Don’t you treat me as one of your own?” Chen Xiaobei cut straight to the point.
“I just ascended yesterday. I don’t know how to contact you.” Immortal dugu zang said.
She had just arrived in the heavenly realm. She did not have a Jade Messenger talisman or any connections. There were many things that she did not understand, let alone contact Chen Xiaobei.
However, this was also the most suspicious point!
“Since you’ve just ascended, how do you know the location of the Holy puppet city? And how did you get here?”
Chen Xiaobei asked.
“Because of the Dark Universe seal!”
“The Dark Universe seal isn’t just a magic treasure, it’s also a token of our family’s inheritance!” Dugu zang replied. It was it that guided me here! If I’m not mistaken, our family’s headquarters should be here!”
&Quot your family!? &Quot
Chen Xiaobei was surprised and asked, ” “Yeah! According to what you’ve said, I don’t think I’ve ever seen you in your demonic beast form! I don’t even know what your bloodline is.”
