Chapter 3777 - 3777 Chapter 3778-mutation
3777 Chapter 3778-mutation
&Quot I can’t explain my method in a few words, but don’t worry, lordmaster. Leave the long-eared setting light immortal to me! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei was very confident now. He already had a way to deal with the rabbit.
So, as long as he could take care of the remaining Pro-disciples and order them not to partic.i.p.ate in the battle, the long-eared dingguang celestial would not be able to escape from Chen Xiaobei’s grasp.
“In that case, what should I do?” Saint Yu Lin asked.
&Quot old man, can you deal with Jin Luan and Mo Luan? ” su mo asked. Chen Xiaobei said.
“Of course, no problem!”
&Quot of course! &Quot Yu Lin Saint was confident. &Quot Jin Luan Saint and Mo Luan Saint are the weakest two. I can easily take them down! &Quot
Obviously, demon master kun Peng had seven direct disciples. Although golden Imperial Saint and Mo Luan Saint were ranked fifth and sixth, they didn’t have the same background and Foundation as purple ROC Saint. Therefore, their overall strength was the weakest.
By leaving the easy targets to the Jade Qilin Saint, the chances of danger would be greatly reduced!
“Then, old man, you can set off now!”
“I’ll go with Zi Peng to deal with the third and fourth ranked disciples!” After we’re done, we’ll meet up near the long-eared Palace!”
“No problem!” Jade Kylin Saint nodded and flew up into the sky.
Chen Xiaobei did not waste any time and said, ” “Xian er, go to the Azure Emperor’s celestial gourd and wait for me! Yun fanqing is there too. You can ask her about my current situation. After it’s done, I’ll bring you out!”
“Alright!” Immortal dugu zang nodded his head obediently.
Immortal dugu zang and Yun fanqing had met after Chen Xiaobei unified the earth-G.o.d Realm, so they could be considered old friends.
Yun fanqing and Jia Luo were both inside the verdant Emperor’s immortal gourd at the moment, so they could naturally tell dugu zang everything.
After settling dugu zang Xian down, Chen Xiaobei brought Saint purple ROC with him and got to work.
Qingyang Palace.
This was the palace of Saint Qingyang.
This guy was ranked fourth among the disciples of the demon master kun Peng. He was a nine-Star Mystic G.o.d, and his bloodline was the mystic light green jade divine goat, which was also a nine-Star Mystic G.o.d.
This guy was quite a character. Unfortunately, the sheep race was extremely weak among the demon race. Therefore, he wanted to gain a strong ally.
However, he looked down on his ordinary allies, and his powerful allies looked down on him.
Just like that, he had been in a very awkward state.
Just like his ranking, he was neither up nor down, neither high nor low, and could only survive in the cracks.
Today, when he heard that purple ROC Saint had come to visit, Saint Qingyang was naturally overjoyed and came out to welcome him personally.
“Seventh Junior Brother! What wind blew you here?”
Green Goat Saint led purple ROC Saint into the house happily, not paying much attention to Chen Xiaobei’s purple-gold dragon body.
Chen Xiaobei did not say anything and just followed the two into the palace.
“Fourth senior brother, I’m here today because I have something important to discuss with you!” Purple ROC Saint venerable said.
“Let me guess!”
“I heard from fifth Junior Brother that you’re engaged to second senior brother’s Qilin girl?” the green Goat Saint laughed. You’re here to send the wedding invitation, right?”
“No… The engagement has already been canceled.”
“I’m here to persuade fourth senior to form an alliance with you, G.o.d Chen!” Purple ROC said.
“G.o.d Chen? Who is it?” The green Goat Saint was confused.
“Whoosh …”
Chen Xiaobei turned into his true form and said, ” &Quot Chen Xiaobei from the Jie sect! &Quot
“You … Y-y-you …”
Saint Qingyang was shocked and couldn’t believe what he was seeing.
Any normal person would not believe that Chen Xiaobei could survive the Daoist’s attack.
But now, Chen Xiaobei was standing right in front of him. He had no choice but to believe it!
“Fourth senior! Do you know how powerful G.o.d Chen is now? Even the Daoist guide can’t do anything to you! G.o.d Chen, your Foundation must be unfathomable!”
“Fourth senior brother, haven’t you always been looking for a strong ally?” purple ROC Saint master sneered. Now, your chance is here! If you form an alliance with G.o.d Chen, you will have an ally that is stronger than the kun Peng! Isn’t this your long-standing dream?”
“Seventh Junior Brother! Master has always treated you well! You … You betrayed me just like that? Has your conscience been eaten by a dog?” Saint venerable Qingyang frowned and gritted his teeth. His eyes were filled with anger and hatred.
Obviously, not everyone was like the purple ROC Saint, who would betray his master so easily.
Previously, Jade Kylin saint’s first reaction was to be loyal to kun Peng, and so was Green Goat Saint. They didn’t want to betray kun Peng easily.
“You’re right. Kun Peng has treated me well, but how has he treated you? How do you treat the sheep race?” Purple ROC Saint master sneered and asked.
&Quot this … &Quot the green Goat Saint was speechless, and his expression turned gloomy.
Evidently, kun Peng treated him and the sheep tribe coldly. Kun Peng did not do him any favors. In fact, kun Peng did not even help him.
The reason was simple. Saint Qingyang’s bloodline wasn’t high, and the sheep race was pitifully weak.
Therefore, out of the seven disciples of the kun Peng, the green Goat Saint was the least liked.
If he hadn’t reached the nine-Star Mystic deity realm and was only one step away from the sage-to-be realm, kun Peng wouldn’t have accepted him as a disciple.
His current cultivation was already achieved before he took kun Peng as his master. Kun Peng had never taught him anything. In fact, he didn’t even care about him. He treated him like a sheep.
To put it bluntly, although he and kun Peng were master and disciple in name, they were not master and disciple in reality.
“Fourth senior! Think about it! Do you want to continue working for the kun Peng or submit to G.o.d Chen?” Purple ROC Saint master waved his universe purple flame feather fan and threatened.
“I want to be loyal to my master!”
Saint Qingyang’s face turned cold and he got into a fighting stance.
Obviously, some people valued friends.h.i.+p and loyalty. Even if they didn’t get anything in return, they would still stick to their bottom line.
Just like now, although the kun Peng treated the Saint Qingyang badly, it was not a reason for him to betray his master.
“You fool!”
Purple ROC Saint looked at Green Goat Saint with disdain, then looked at Chen Xiaobei and said, ” “G.o.d Chen! You’ve seen it! I’ve told you that the third and fourth brothers are loyal to the kun Peng. We don’t need to waste time trying to persuade them. Let’s attack together and kill them!”
“Swis.h.!.+”
After he finished speaking, purple ROC Saint master waved his universe purple flame feather fan. He wanted to fight with Saint Qingyang.
In his eyes, if Chen Xiaobei dared to show up here, he would definitely be able to defeat the green Goat Saint. Therefore, purple ROC Saint venerable didn’t hesitate at all. He attacked directly and wouldn’t rest until he was dead!
However, at this moment, a sudden change occurred!
