Chapter 3776 - 3776 Chapter 3777-furious
3776 Chapter 3777-furious
With that, Chen Xiaobei’s unparalleled demonic Saint celestial body returned to its human form.
“What?”
The Jade Kylin Saint was dumbfounded. He couldn’t believe his eyes.
&Quot you … You … You’re the Chen Xiaobei who destroyed the entire heavenly court and killed the Saints?! &Quot
Jade Qilin saint’s voice was trembling, his eyelids were twitching, and his breathing was rapid. It was more horrifying than seeing a ghost.
“I wasn’t killed by jieyin. Instead, my master cut off one of jieyin’s ears!” Chen Xiaobei smiled, but it exuded an unparalleled domineering aura.
&Quot heavens … This … How could this be true? ” The Jade Kylin Saint couldn’t calm down for a long time.
In the end, it was purple ROC Saint venerable who tried to persuade him, ” “Second senior! You don’t need to doubt it! G.o.d Chen’s background is so mysterious that we can never see through it! The cataclysm is coming, it’s time for us to find another master!”
“What do you mean? You want to betray the demon master?” The Jade Kylin Saint frowned and asked.
“Why are you so agitated, second senior?”
Saint purple ROC said disdainfully,”a fine bird chooses a good tree to live in, this is a truth that has never changed since ancient times!” If kun Peng is defeated, it will prove that G.o.d Chen is the true master of the heavenly tribulations! What wrong have we done by switching sides to a wise Lord?”
“You’re so shameless!”
“Demon master has always doted on you. Doesn’t your conscience hurt when you say that?” the Jade Kylin Saint said in disdain. Or, you don’t even have a conscience!”
“Second senior! You’re too naïve! Do you think he would dote on me for no reason?”
“Kun Peng is nice to me because he wants us to betray Nuwa’s demonic religion and join his Yuan religion?” purple ROC Saint master asked.
“As for you, second senior, do you still want to be loyal to kun Peng? That’s truly acknowledging a thief as his father!”
“What do you mean? What did he mean by acknowledging a thief as his father? Make yourself clear!” Jade Kylin Saint was furious.
The Jade Kylin Saint had lived to this age, how could he tolerate a junior insulting him like this?
If purple ROC Saint didn’t give a reasonable explanation, Jade Kylin Saint wouldn’t let it go!
“Second senior, you still don’t know, do you?”
Purple ROC Saint laughed coldly,”kun Peng has been hunting for Qilin and sucking their blood!” Marrow extraction! Flesh devouring! Bone crus.h.i.+ng! There was a white Qilin that was already at the entrance of your Palace, but it was captured by kun Peng’s subordinates and eaten without leaving a single piece!”
“What!”
Saint Yu Lin’s face changed and he shouted, ” “Kun Peng said that he would protect the Qilin tribe, so I joined his Yuan religion! He actually deceived me like this! Simply dammit!”
Apparently, purple ROC Saint was favored by the kun Peng. Therefore, he knew some secrets that others didn’t.
At this moment, he exposed the fact that the kun Peng had hurt the Qilin tribe, which was equivalent to provoking the sacred master.
No wonder the old master was so angry!
&Quot if the kun Peng truly wanted to protect the Qilin race, why hasn’t a single Qilin come to the Holy puppet city in the past trillion years? ”
Saint purple ROC said indifferently, ” I thought you were suspicious. I didn’t expect you to know nothing. You still want to serve kun Peng. If you don’t recognize a thief as your father, what are you? ”
“Dammit! d.a.m.n it! d.a.m.n it!” Saint master Jade Kylin was completely furious. He released a terrifying amount of celestial core power and even had a faint image of a Qilin flas.h.i.+ng in the void.
At that moment, his anger had reached its peak. He even wanted to kill his way into the yuan sect and seek justice from the kun Peng!
From Saint venerable Yu Lin’s att.i.tude towards dugu zang Xian, it could be seen that the old man cherished his bloodline and family and attached great importance to the Qilin clan.
Harming the Qilin clan was something that the Jade Qilin Saint could not tolerate!
Even if he had to risk his life, he had to find kun Peng and seek revenge!
Of course, the result was already decided. He was no match for the kun Peng. If he acted rashly, he would become another delicious meal for the kun Peng!
“Grandpa!”
At this moment, dugu zang Xian walked over and pulled on Saint Jade Qilin’s sleeve. He consoled her softly, ” “Please don’t be impulsive! I don’t want to lose you!”
“My good granddaughter! Leave the Holy puppet city quickly and don’t come back no matter what happens!” “I’ve lived long enough. Today, I’ll avenge my people no matter what!” Yu Lin Saint said.
“Grandpa! I didn’t say I wouldn’t take revenge!”
Dugu zang Xian said,”we can ask little north to help us take revenge!” We have a common enemy anyway! If we all act together, our chances of winning will be higher!”
“Hmm … You’re right!”
The Jade Qilin Saint took a deep breath. He was so angry that he had almost forgotten about Chen Xiaobei.
“G.o.d Chen! I’m willing to form an alliance with you! From now on, I’ll cooperate with you in all your actions and obey all your orders. I only wish to seek justice for my Qilin clan!”
Saint Yu Lin said seriously.
Clearly, before Chen Xiaobei revealed his ident.i.ty, the Jade Kylin Saint did not trust Chen Xiaobei completely.
But now that he knew Chen Xiaobei’s true ident.i.ty, the Jade Kylin Saint was very confident.
Chen Xiaobei could destroy the heavenly court and survive Daoist jieyin’s attack. There was nothing in this world that he could not do!
So, the Jade Kylin Saint had decided to risk his life and go all out with Chen Xiaobei!
“Very good!”
&Quot first, I need all of the spiritual jades in the old man’s vault. Also, I need all of the less important resources! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said.
“No problem!”
The Jade Qilin Saint had made up his mind and agreed to Chen Xiaobei’s first request without hesitation.
After opening the vault and taking out some important items, the Jade Qilin Saint handed all the spiritual jades and resources to Chen Xiaobei.
There was a total of 50 billion upper-cla.s.s spiritual Jade, and all kinds of resources were of high levels. Furthermore, there were countless of them, and they were piled up like mountains.
Chen Xiaobei accepted all of them. He would use them later.
“The second point!”
Chen Xiaobei then continued, ” “I want to empty the treasure vault of every kun Peng disciple!”
&Quot this … &Quot Jade Kylin Saint master was a little embarra.s.sed.
“Old man, you can’t bear to do it?” &Quot I don’t think your senior and junior brothers have anything to do with you. Instead, they’re fighting with you. They’re threatening your position and safety! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said.
“It’s … It’s not that I can’t bear to!” “I’m just afraid of alerting the long-eared dingguang immortal!” Yu Lin replied.
“It’s good that they’ve been alarmed!”
“If he shows up, I’m going to have a feast of shredded rabbit meat!” Chen Xiaobei said coldly.
&Quot how … How is this possible?! &Quot
&Quot long-eared immortal dingguang is a seven-star quasi-Sage! How are you going to deal with him? ” Yu Lin asked in disbelief.
