Chapter 3786 - 3786 A problem
3786 A problem
With these three items, Chen Xiaobei threw the heaven and earth purple flame feather fan into the heaven and earth smelt.
Of course, this also included all the resources in the yuan cult’s treasure vault. Everything was melted down and nothing was left.
After refining it, Chen Xiaobei asked six-eared macaque to take a look.
“It’s still not enough …”
“About 20% more,” six-eared macaque said.
Chen Xiaobei pondered for a moment. The quality of the magical equipment was more important than the quant.i.ty. Furthermore, it could not be activated without spiritual Qi.
With that thought in mind, he threw the infinitum Yin Yang robe and the xuanzhao Holy Gang saber into the heaven and earth smelt as well.
All that was left was the ancestor Dragon Holy vein whip at the peak quasi-Saint level!
“It’s still not enough … I’m still short of 10%!”
Six-eared macaque shook his head helplessly. He couldn’t help but look at the ancestral Dragon Holy Meridian whip.
It was a peak quasi-Saint artifact!
If he were to use it to refine it, it would truly be too much of a pity!
But if he did not use it, Chen Xiaobei’s plan would be ruined!
“I still have a way!”
Chen Xiaobei took out his earth escape Holy gourd and went underground.
That’s right!
Beneath the Holy puppet city, there were several quasi-Sage level spirit veins!
Since Chen Xiaobei was going to do something big, there was no need to keep the spiritual veins!
After going underground, Chen Xiaobei quickly drained three quasi-divine spiritual veins. He did not touch the last one. After all, there were still countless people in the city who needed to live. Chen Xiaobei would not cut off their livelihood.
Finally!
As the three pre-Saint spiritual veins were emptied, the six-eared macaque nodded with joy. &Quot “Enough! That’s enough!”
“Alright!”
Chen Xiaobei was also very excited. He immediately brought six-eared macaque back to the ground and started to transform.
Whoosh … Whoosh … Whoosh …
Six-eared macaque was trying its best to absorb the spiritual Qi and the spiritual aura of heaven and earth.
Because the amount was too large, the absorption process alone took a long time.
Chen Xiaobei did not sit around and do nothing. He ordered kun Peng to break the primordial spirit contract between him and Houtu. Of course, kun Peng still had two reincarnated ancient Celestials under his name.
Chen Xiaobei did not ask kun Peng to cancel the contract so that the two of them would not fall into the hands of other forces.
“Um … I … Where am I?”
Finally, Houtu opened her eyes in a daze.
She was extremely good-looking and her facial features were exquisite. The main point was that after the primordial spirit contract was terminated, her entire temperament had returned to her original appearance.
As gentle as the clouds, as kind as water!
Her voice was extremely gentle and her temperament was elegant and quiet. She was like a Holy snowflake that people only dared to look at from afar and not touch, for fear that they would dirty her and scare her away!
“Miss Houtu! You still remember us?” Chen Xiaobei chuckled.
&Quot you are Chen Xiaobei?! &Quot
Houtu had met Chen once before, so she immediately recognized him. She asked, ” “Where are big brother dijiang and big brother jiuyin? Are they still safe?”
“They’re all here, I’ll send you to them!”
Chen Xiaobei then sent Hou Tu into the Meru s.p.a.ce.
Emperor Jiang would explain everything to her clearly.
There was no doubt that from now on, Houtu would stand on the same side as Chen Xiaobei. They would go through life and death together!
“Whoosh …”
After a long time, the six-eared macaque finally absorbed all the spiritual Qi and the spiritual aura of heaven and earth. It activated its transformation ability!
The entire process was very smooth, but the result was somewhat unexpected.
After this transformation, the six-eared macaque successfully turned into the kun Peng. He inherited the kun Peng’s cultivation, body, bloodline, dharma body, memories …
However, the six-eared macaque was also severely injured.
In an instant, two huge fish with ROC wings fell to the ground, covered in blood.
Of course, there was a clear difference between the two, and that was the demonic Fire Red Lotus imprint!
The mark was the mark of the heavenly Dao, and it was even higher than the sacred level. Therefore, the six-eared macaque couldn’t copy it.
However, this was a good thing. If he copied the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark, the six-eared macaque might also be controlled by the heavenly Dao, which would be a big problem.
“Liu er … Hold on …”
Chen Xiaobei quickly rushed over to help six-eared macaque stop the bleeding.
“I’m fine! I have the kun Peng’s body now. Although my injuries are heavy, I won’t lose my life!”
Six-eared macaque smiled. He was very optimistic.
There was nothing Chen Xiaobei could do about it. The kun Peng was too terrifying. If he transformed after he was cured, Chen Xiaobei would not be able to control the situation.
Luckily, Saint Yu Lin rushed over immediately and took out many healing pills from his storage bracelet.
These pills were all high-grade. Although they were far from the peak quasi-Saint level, they were still very helpful for the six-eared macaque’s injuries.
Gradually, Liu er’s wounds stopped bleeding and his primordial spirit recovered a little.
Activating his immortal essence, the six-eared macaque returned to its human form.
Qingyang, White Bear, and jinkuang also took out their best healing medicine for six-eared macaque.
Luckily, Chen Xiaobei had asked them to leave something important behind when they were emptying the Treasury. Otherwise, they would not have these pills.
Therefore, there would always be benefits if one didn’t go too far.
Gradually, the six-eared macaque’s injuries recovered a little, and it could finally move normally again.
“I can’t stay here for long! Three Saint Venerables, immediately gather your clansmen and leave the Holy puppet city with me. Otherwise, once this matter is spread, your clan will be exterminated!”
At Chen Xiaobei’s order, Qingyang, baixiong, and Jinchuan immediately retreated and gathered their people.
As for Yu Lin Saint venerable, his only Clansman was dugu zang Xian, so he avoided this trouble.
Soon, all the members of the three races had arrived, and Chen Xiaobei sent all of them into the verdant Emperor’s divine gourd.
Six-eared macaque and kun Peng were sent into the Meru s.p.a.ce.
Chen Xiaobei then took out the returning bracelet!
Open a spatial gate and leave the scene!
That’s right!
The other end of the s.p.a.ce gate was connected to the ancient Barrens!
The location was underground, and that area was connected to the Three Realms intranet. It was Chen Xiaobei’s best secret base!
The first thing Chen Xiaobei did when he arrived was to contact Lady Nuwa.
However, mother Nuwa did not reply. From the looks of it, something major must have happened and she was unable to leave.
Chen Xiaobei calmed himself down and entered the Meru s.p.a.ce again.
Now that six-eared macaque had recovered a little, and he had the kun Peng’s memories, he could answer many of Chen Xiaobei’s important questions.
At the same time, Houtu had completely joined Chen Xiaobei’s camp. Her special ability and some things that she knew could also help Chen Xiaobei.
“Six ears! Answer my first question!”
Chen Xiaobei said seriously, ” “Kun Peng, do you know where my master is?”
