Chapter 3730 - 3730 Chapter 3731-lying down
3730 Chapter 3731-lying down
“Ah! Argh …”
The miserable shrieks continued, but it was obviously getting weaker and weaker.
From this, it could be seen that the sky-treading Crimson fiend Tiger was suffering extreme pain. Moreover, it was already seriously injured, and its physical condition was getting worse!
Then, something even more terrifying happened!
A large amount of blood gushed out of the dark fluid, accompanied by the sound of flesh being crushed and bones being ground!
The dark liquid swirled and surged like a huge meat grinder. In an instant, the three-star heavenly Demon G.o.d-level sky-treading Red Tiger’s body was directly ground to death.
After the sky-treading Crimson Tiger’s body was crushed, its flesh, bones, internal organs, bone marrow, and brain were all devoured by the dark fluid, leaving nothing behind.
“My G.o.d … What is that thing? It’s … It’s too terrifying …”
Seeing this, blackpeak gasped, almost peeing his pants.”I’ve told you not to barge in rashly, but you didn’t listen! Now, he was in trouble! You’re asking for it, and now you’re dragging us into this …”
After the dark fluid had destroyed the sky-treading Red Tiger, it directly charged toward them.
Even a three-star heavenly Demon G.o.d could not withstand it. If blackpeak and the others were to be drawn into it, even if they had billions of lives, they would probably be turned into ashes in the blink of an eye!
“We’re finished … We’re really dead this time …”
Jia Lou let out a sigh of despair. In the face of such a dead end, her heart was completely in despair. She slowly closed her eyes and silently waited for death.
After all, in this situation, there was nothing she could do other than wait for her death.
“I don’t want to die … I can’t die … No!”
Beside him, Yun fanqing was roaring madly. Even now, he was still thinking about avenging Chen Xiaobei.
Unfortunately, she was also very clear in her heart that death had already arrived in front of her.
And even if all of them combined their strength, they would definitely not be able to save their lives.
If she were to die, her wish to avenge Chen Xiaobei would never be fulfilled!
“Don’t be afraid!”
However, Chen Xiaobei remained calm. It was as if the deadly dark fluid that was crus.h.i.+ng over was like a breeze, not a cause for concern at all, and would not hurt them at all.
“Demon subduing Yuan spirit talisman!”
&Quot go! &Quot Chen Xiaobei shouted.
In the next moment, a three-star heavenly G.o.d-tier divine talisman was extracted.
That’s right, this one was also the work of mother Nuwa!
Previously, G.o.ddess nüwa had sent Yan Lings.h.i.+ and Liu xuanxin to the Hong Meng Demon Realm to carry out a mission. She had helped them increase their cultivation and given them many hidden cards.
After that, Yan Lings.h.i.+ took out three of the demon subduing heart sealing talismans that she had obtained and stuffed them into a red envelope, which she gave to Chen Xiaobei.
Liu xuanxin took out three of the divine talismans she had obtained and gave them to Chen Xiaobei.
Yan Lings.h.i.+’s heart-locking divine talisman was used to seal the hearts of all demons below the level of a three-star heavenly Demon G.o.d. As long as they were asleep, unconscious, or in a state where they would not resist, they would immediately become Chen Xiaobei’s 100% loyal servants!
At this moment, Liu xuanxin’s heavenly demon Ningyuan divine talisman could directly block the celestial core power of any demon below the level of a three-star heavenly Demon G.o.d. The celestial core power fluctuations calmed down, and all destructive power was lost!
“Whoosh …”
Chen Xiaobei activated the heavenly Yao Ning Yuan divine talisman.
In the blink of an eye, the celestial core power that was restricting everyone’s body was completely wiped away, and everyone regained their freedom.
&Quot this is too G.o.dly!? &Quot
Blackpeak, Jia Luo, and Yun fanqing were all shocked. They did not expect to regain their freedom so easily.
“Brother Xuan bei! If you had such a powerful divine talisman, why didn’t you take it out earlier? Did you cause us a false alarm?” Blackpeak grumbled, his mouth twitching.
“Are you stupid?”
Without waiting for Chen Xiaobei to answer, Jia Luo said, ” “Xuan bei’s move is called killing with a borrowed knife! If we’d escaped earlier, why would that sky-treading Red Tiger stupidly run to its death?”
“This …”
Blackpeak was stunned for a moment, before he finally understood.”I understand! My brother Xuan bei pretended to be trapped just now, and then he used the danger in the ruins to get rid of the sky-treading Red Tiger. This way, we will have one less fatal danger!”
“Don’t talk nonsense! We’re not out of danger yet!”
However, at this time, Yun fanqing did not have it easy at all. She immediately circulated her celestial core power and rushed to the distance to escape.
It was obvious that the dark fluid didn’t stop there. It quickly rushed in front of everyone and swallowed them all with an irreversible power. They would end up the same as the sky-treading Red Tiger.
Blackpeak and Jia Lou trembled. They naturally didn’t dare to say anything more, and they didn’t dare to stay any longer. They used all their strength and fled the scene.
But!
At this moment!
Chen Xiaobei stood where he was, not planning to escape at all!
“Brother Xuan bei! What are you doing? Let’s go!”
&Quot what?! &Quot blackpeak shrieked in panic. &Quot that dark fluid is extremely terrifying. Even three-star heavenly Fey G.o.ds died without an intact corpse. If you don’t run, are you just going to wait to be killed?!? &Quot
“Xuan bei!”
&Quot ah! &Quot Yun fanqing screamed and wanted to turn back to Chen Xiaobei.
All this while, Yun fanqing did not know Chen Xiaobei’s true ident.i.ty, but there was an indescribable feeling in his heart. Familiar! Warmth! He even liked her!
At that moment, Yun fanqing seemed to be possessed. He wanted to rush back to Chen Xiaobei’s side, regardless of his life.
Even if they were to die, they would die together with him!
“Don’t go over! If you die, I’ll die too!”
However, Jia Luo only held on to Yun fanqing and would never let her go back and do anything stupid.
It was obvious that the dark liquid was too terrifying. Even now, no one could figure out what it was.
In the eyes of Jia Lou and hei Feng, Chen Xiaobei was already a dead man.
In Yun fanqing’s eyes, blood-red tears flowed uncontrollably.
Obviously, she also thought that Chen Xiaobei would die … Just like the red fiend sky-treading Tiger.
“Whoosh …”
Finally, the scene that everyone least wanted to see happened!
The dark fluid was like a Black Dragon as it charged at Chen Xiaobei. The vortex inside it exploded with a terrifying devouring power. It wanted to devour Chen Xiaobei, but it was easier than swallowing an ant!
He … Was dead!
For a moment, Yun fanqing, Jia Luo, and hei Feng were all in despair, and their hearts were cold.
However, Chen Xiaobei remained calm.
He slowly raised his hand and gently waved it at the dark fluid.
“Get down!”
