Chapter 3731 - 3731 Chapter 3732-breaking through
3731 Chapter 3732-breaking through
“Whoosh …”
&Quot go! &Quot Chen Xiaobei shouted.
In this moment of life and death, Yun fanqing, jialuo, and blackpeak could not help but close their eyes, not wanting to see Chen Xiaobei die.
Just like the sky-treading Red Tiger, it had died a terrible death.
However, they would never have thought that …
Just as Chen Xiaobei raised his hand, a special ability was activated.
This special ability did not belong to Chen Xiaobei at first. However, after he used the formless chaos celestial body to devour Xu Tianxin’s blood essence, this special ability was integrated into Chen Xiaobei’s celestial body.
Chen Xiaobei had hidden his real body in the Sumeru s.p.a.ce. He was using his mutated avatar to move around.
Activating this special ability became more direct and logical.
A blood-red spear appeared in Chen Xiaobei’s palm!
It exuded an extremely terrifying aura that suddenly enveloped the entire s.p.a.ce. The boundless killing intent was like a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood. The terrifying domineering aura was comparable to that of a peerless demonic G.o.d!
That’s right!
It was the Chiyou heaven-battling spear!
In fact, Xu Tianxin’s bloodline contained both the bloodline of Chi You and the bloodline of the destruction witch, Xuan Ming.
That was why Chen Xiaobei had used the law of destruction to break the level limit of the formless chaos celestial body, allowing him to devour the jieyin’s blood essence.
Chen Xiaobei had also used the Chiyou heavenly spear to suppress all the unusual phenomena that appeared.
Don’t forget!
Chen Xiaobei had already obtained Chiyou’s head.
Back then, Xu Tianxin had used the power of the Chiyou heavenly spear to suppress the terrifying power of Chiyou’s head and calm the sea of fire.
At this moment, the result was no surprise!
Get down!
As Chen Xiaobei shouted, the terrifying dark fluid crouched down in front of Chen Xiaobei like an obedient pet dog.
The entire process happened in a flash. Yun fanqing and the others still had their eyes closed and did not see what happened at all.
In fact, Chen Xiaobei could already reveal his true ident.i.ty to Yun fanqing and blackpeak.
But!
Yun fanqing and jialuo could communicate telepathically. If Yun fanqing knew Chen Xiaobei’s ident.i.ty, jialuo would know as well, and things would become very troublesome.
After all, Jia Luo was loyal to mo Luo Wu Tian.
That was why Chen Xiaobei had to keep his ident.i.ty a secret.
“Whoosh …”
After the dark fluid had calmed down, Chen Xiaobei put away the Chiyou heaven-battling spear, but he did not rush into action.
Using his special ability this time had caused the already small amount of Jiu fan immortal Qi to be consumed.
The remaining Jiu fan immortal Qi was not enough for another battle. So, Chen Xiaobei decided to use it all!
“Chi …”
By activating the xuanming law of destruction, Chen Xiaobei wanted to break through his own level of law, ignoring the barrier of a large realm and break through directly!
[ding Yingying’s cultivation base: early eight-star heaven immortal; lifespan: 2.250,27 million years, physique: 30000 trillion, combat power 10000 trillion, primordial spirit attack: Saint level!
“Phew … This feels good …”
Chen Xiaobei let out a sigh of relief. He had successfully reached the eight-star celestial immortal level.
His lifespan and combat power had been greatly increased, and his formless chaos celestial body had another chance to devour. All of these would be of great help to Chen Xiaobei.
Especially his lifespan!
With enough lifespan, Chen Xiaobei could fight enemies of higher cultivation levels.
Of course, the price was that the remaining bit of Jiu fan immortal Qi had already been used up. It was impossible to obtain more in a short period of time.
“I really want to quickly cure my primordial spirit …”
Chen Xiaobei could not wait any longer.”As long as I can heal my primordial spirit, I can use the xuanming destruction laws as I wis.h.!.+ Breaking through will be as easy as flipping one’s hand!”
His primordial spirit had been severely injured, and he could not use his special ability at will. This was a huge restriction for Chen Xiaobei.
Chen Xiaobei hoped that he could get rid of this restriction as soon as possible, but he had not found a way to do so.
After all, this kind of injury to the primordial spirit came from the demon race’s Secret medicine, the infinite Saint demon pill.
Jiu fan immortal Qi could only treat the symptoms, not the root cause.
Following Emperor Jiang and candle jiuyin’s suggestion, Chen Xiaobei contacted Rahu but there was no reply.
In addition, the only way was to find a way to cure it from the demon race. If necessary, he even had to go deep into the demon world.
Of course, things had to be done step by step.
What Chen Xiaobei had to do now was to take away Chiyou’s body without anyone knowing.
“Chi …”
Before anyone could open their eyes, Chen Xiaobei dived into the black fluid and entered the deepest part of the ruins.
There was another three to five seconds of silence.
Yun fanqing, blackpeak, and jialuo slowly opened their eyes.
“Xuan bei!”
&Quot brother!!! &Quot
Yun fanqing and blackpeak both wailed in pain.
Yun fanqing, in particular, desperately wanted to rush toward the black fluid.
If it wasn’t for Jia Luo’s desperate hold, Yun fanqing would have already rushed over and wouldn’t care about her life.
Whoosh … Whoosh …
Just as Jia Luo and Yun fanqing were in a stalemate for a while, the dark fluid suddenly shrank rapidly and split into tens of thousands of individuals from a River-like ent.i.ty.
And these small individuals turned into dark shadows!
He held a battle blade and wore armor, revealing the appearance of a warrior. He exuded a terrifying battle intent that shook the heavens and earth. Bloodthirsty! He had suppressed all of history!
The dark fluid turned into a Dark Army of tens of thousands. They lined up on both sides of the road as if they were waiting for something!
“Are they Yin ghosts? An ancient nether soldier that died a trillion years ago?”
Jia Lou was experienced and knowledgeable, so he quickly made some guesses. &Quot no wonder blackpeak couldn’t smell them. These evil spirits have long since lost their lives. How could they still have any smell? ”
“Obviously, Chiyou’s corpse is in there!”
“These ancient nether soldiers were attracted by Chiyou’s baleful aura and killing intent. That’s why they gathered here and became the guards of Chiyou’s corpse!” Blackpeak said. Those who invade the ruins are destined to die a terrible death!”
“Xuan bei …”
Yun fanqing’s heart began to ache again.
She knew better than anyone else that the person she liked was Chen Xiaobei. But now, facing this ‘Xuan bei’, she felt a heartache, and it was no less painful than Chen Xiaobei’s.
“Fan Qing! What’s wrong with you?”
Jia Luo immediately felt his heart ache, and he looked at Yun fanqing in surprise.
&Quot I don’t know … I might have fallen for him … &Quot Yun fanqing stopped struggling and looked ahead with a blank expression.
&Quot how … How is this possible?! &Quot Jia Luo was dumbfounded, the person you like is Chen Xiaobei! How could you have a change of heart? Unless this Xuan bei is your Xiao bei!”
“I … I don’t know either!” Yun fanqing felt extremely conflicted.
“You … You guys, quickly look over there!” Suddenly, blackpeak cried out in alarm. Pointing in the direction of the ruins, his entire body began to tremble violently.
