Chapter 3791 - 3791 Reincarnation
3791 Reincarnation
Chaotic stone ancient forest.
Although it had the word “Lin” in it, there was not a single tree in this huge area. There were only mountains that looked like pillars of heaven.
Tens of thousands of mountain peaks gathered in one place, like a stone Forest. It was a magnificent sight.
Chen Xiaobei led the three reincarnated ancient witches into the depths of the forest.
There were obvious traces of a fight here!
Thousands of huge mountain peaks were blasted into waste. The earth and mountains were broken and shattered into ruins.
“I first used the heaven glimpse Saint talisman to see Taiyin true immortal here … Later, I used the heaven glimpse Saint talisman to check the location of the celestial Hound, and it was also nearby …”
Chen Xiaobei frowned and said worriedly, ” “Looking at the situation now, it’s possible that the Taiyin true immortal has already engaged in a great battle with Yang Jian! I don’t know who won …”
“It should be a draw.”
“Yang Jian and Taiyin true deity are both seven-star sages-to-be!” Emperor Jiang said. If we fight to the death, the entire Stone Forest will be razed to the ground. Even the entire ancient Barrens land will shake and collapse!”
“You mean, they only exchanged a few blows?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
&Quot judging from the traces of the fight, they might not have met, ” Emperor Jiang said. &Quot perhaps Taiyin true immortal just ran into a demonic beast in the mountain and killed it casually. &Quot
“If you say so, I can be more at ease …”
&Quot it’s a pity that I’ve already used the talisman to locate Rahu’s location. I can only use it again tomorrow. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be able to make any wild guesses here … &Quot Chen Xiaobei said.
“Actually, there’s no need to guess blindly!”
Houtu’s beautiful eyes flickered slightly. She stretched out a slender finger and pointed at a huge crack on the ground, saying, ” “There’s a reason why true immortal Taiyin came here!”
“Why do you say so?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
Houtu said seriously,’there seems to be a secret hidden under the ground! I can already faintly sense the aura of reincarnation …”
“Reincarnation? What do you mean by that?” Chen Xiaobei was very confused.
“My sister is the reincarnation witch. She is the only one who can sense anything related to the power of reincarnation!” The candle Dragon explained.
“Follow me! Let’s go down and take a look first!” Houtu took the lead and flew in front.
Chen Xiaobei and the other two immediately followed.
Right now, Chen Xiaobei’s cultivation was at the pinnacle of nine-Star Mystic immortal, higher than the other three.
So, if there was any danger, Chen Xiaobei had to take on the responsibility of protecting everyone.
But then again, Chen Xiaobei’s current condition was not that great. He could not say that he was confident.
First of all, he only had 10000 years left to live. He didn’t even need to think about the world-extinguis.h.i.+ng Saint marrow and the nine transformations of the demonic Saint.
Secondly, all the spiritual jades and resources had been used up, so their endurance was very weak.
Thirdly, even though he had the ancestral Dragon Holy vein whip, the kun Peng could only use it with his peak-stage sainthood cultivation. So, there was no spiritual Qi in it. In other words, Chen Xiaobei could not use it!
Fourth, the six-eared macaque had not recovered from its injuries. It could not partic.i.p.ate in the battle.
Fifth, the four Saint Venerables of the Holy puppet city were very strong, but Chen Xiaobei did not want them to be exposed to Yang Xiao. So, he would not let them fight.
Chen Xiaobei’s strongest trump card was the one-star G.o.d-tier chaos Blood Sword.
The dangers ahead were huge! Chen Xiaobei could not guarantee that he would be able to escape unscathed!
Luckily!
This used to be the territory of the Sorcerer tribe!
“Whoosh …”
Houtu cleared the way. After going thousands of meters deep into the ground, she actually activated a s.p.a.ce gate with black and white circulating patterns!
At the same time, Houtu smiled and said, ” “That’s great! This is a relic left behind by one of my disciples! I should be able to control everything!”
After that, everyone pa.s.sed through the s.p.a.ce gate and entered an independent small world.
There was sunlight, rain, dew, birds chirping, and the fragrance of flowers here. There was also an abundance of spiritual energy. It was simply a paradise hidden from the world.
However, he didn’t find any traces of Taiyin true deity or Yang Jian.
“Follow me!”
Fortunately, Houtu could sense the power of reincarnation, which no one else could.
Following this mysterious aura, everyone began to quickly enter the interior of this small world.
The deeper he went, the greater the change in the surrounding environment.
The sun began to dim, the rain and dew began to dry up, the plants withered, and the birds became white bones on the ground.
It was a scene of doomsday.
“There won’t be any danger ahead, right?” Chen Xiaobei was a little worried.
After all, his strength was greatly limited, and he didn’t dare to take the risk with everyone.
Chen Xiaobei was not afraid of death, but he was afraid that his friends and brothers would get hurt. He had to be extremely careful!
&Quot bro bei, don’t worry. Everything you see is just an illusion created by the reincarnation formation! &Quot
&Quot the level of this formation isn’t low, ” Houtu said. &Quot it seems to be the work of a high-level Sage-to-be great wizard. Without me leading the way, even the Taiyin true immortal and Yang Jian would be completely lost here! &Quot
“Lost? Are they here? Can we still find them?” Chen Xiaobei was very worried.
After all, Taiyin true deity and Xiao Tianquan were Chen Xiaobei’s best friends. He could not let anything happen to them.
Houtu nodded and said indifferently, ” for now, I’m just guessing. They have come here. If my guess is right, I have a way to find them! &Quot
“That’s great! Fortunately, I have you!” Chen Xiaobei heaved a sigh of relief.
According to the a.n.a.lysis before they came in, it was highly likely that the Taiyin true immortal had entered this place, and Yang Jian was nearby, so there was a high chance that he had chased them in.
Soon after.
Under Hou Tu’s lead, everyone was moving in circles around a sphere.
From the Paradise at the beginning, to the doomsday wasteland, and then to the Paradise …
This cycle repeated over and over again.
In the end, it spun nine times before it stopped.
However, after he stopped, the surrounding scene underwent a huge change.
Everyone entered an ancient heavenly paradise. It was like a spatial dislocation. It was extremely mysterious and could not be explained with common sense.
“This is the” great reincarnation formation “! The person who set up the formation was not bad. He had set up a nine reincarnation cycles! If I personally set up the formation, I can form a Grand reincarnation cycle of 81 lives!”
&Quot just now, I took you through the gap of the magic formation, ” Houtu said indifferently. &Quot those who don’t know this will definitely be sucked into the magic formation! &Quot
&Quot then, from the day he was born, he would slowly experience every day of growth, aging, and death. Only then would it be considered a reincarnation! &Quot
“Those who are unable to see through reincarnation will be trapped in this formation for nine lives! Attention! It was the nine lives in real time! Most people will be trapped until they die of old age!”
