Chapter 3760 - 3760 Chapter 3761-counting
3760 Chapter 3761-counting
&Quot you … How could you do this!! &Quot
The Jade Qilin saint’s face changed. He was so angry that he wanted to slap Chen Xiaobei to death.
A moment ago, when Chen Xiaobei declined, the Jade Kylin Saint still thought that Chen Xiaobei had a conscience and would not forget his friends for profit.
But now, in Saint Yu Lin’s eyes, Chen Xiaobei was just a selfish villain! He clearly knew that the pills would be better for dugu zang, yet he still accepted them and didn’t even leave a single one for him!
This was simply too much!
“I’ll protect my own woman! As for my future achievements, you can just wait and see, old man!”
Chen Xiaobei’s eyes glowed with unparalleled confidence, accompanied by an overbearing aura. It was as if he was a peerless Overlord announcing an imperial edict that could not be questioned and could not be changed!
In fact, Chen Xiaobei’s bloodline level was only lower than dugu zang Xian’s.
The reason why the Jade Kylin Saint could not see Chen Xiaobei’s strength was because his cultivation was too low!
No one below the level of heavenly path Saint could see the true nature of Chen Xiaobei’s Dharmakaya!
Even the heavenly path sages could not see the existence of the human Dao imprint!
Moreover, Chen Xiaobei had many other Saint-tier abilities, such as the heaven severing divine thought, the celestial slaying sword Qi, and all techniques return to one! In addition, there were also Saint-level Cardinal treasures, chaos Blood Sword, chaos Green Lotus seed, human Dao mark, and demonic Dao mark!
Any one of these items would be enough to change Saint master Yu Lin’s mind.
It could only be said that dugu zang Xian’s judgment of people was much better than Saint venerable Yu Lin’s.
Saint Yu Lin didn’t think that dugu zang Xian would win from the very beginning.
On the other hand, dugu zang Xian had high hopes for Chen Xiaobei. He had even regarded Chen Xiaobei as his future support.
Perhaps, it was because she knew that Chen Xiaobei would have a bright future ahead of him that she was so invested in him at this moment. She even wanted to make her act real!
“You’ll protect it? What right do you have?”
The Jade Kylin Saint was really angry. He said coldly, ” “You’re just an eight-star heaven immortal. In the future, even my students will be better than you! Don’t even talk about protecting Xian ‘er, you don’t even deserve to be with her!”
&Quot Grandpa … &Quot dugu zang Xian’s brows furrowed as she tried to defend Chen Xiaobei.
“Silly girl! You’re too naive! Don’t interrupt this matter. Grandpa will have a good talk with this kid!”
After all, Saint Jade Kylin was a Sage-to-be, so he was very powerful at this moment. His natural aura directly intimidated dugu zang Xian, making her heart beat wildly and instinctively shut her mouth.
“Old man! I can see that you’re good to Xian ‘er, so I don’t want to fall out with you!”
Chen Xiaobei said calmly, ” “There’s a saying in my hometown, if you can fight, then don’t talk nonsense! You can ask for a grandson-in-law and see if I’m able to do it. Then, you can decide if I’m worthy or not!”
&Quot request?! &Quot
Jade Kylin Saint was a little surprised and said, ” “My grandson-in-law will be at least a one-star Sage-to-be in the future! As for a famous family, wealth, and resources, I don’t want to mention them. You don’t have them anyway!”
&Quot one-star Sage-to-be. That’s too far away. Even if I can reach it in the future, I can’t verify it now! &Quot
&Quot but to be honest, I do come from a prestigious family. In fact, it’s one of the most prestigious families in the universe! &Quot As for wealth and resources, I wonder if three quadrillion pieces of lower-cla.s.s spiritual Jade would be enough to catch the old man’s eye?”
“You? You’re from a first-cla.s.s sect?”
The Jade Kylin Saint scoffed,”you can only lie to an insensible little girl!” You want to lie to this old man? Stop dreaming!”
In fact, Chen Xiaobei was not lying. The Jie sect was a great sect of Saints! In the period between the second and the third immeasurable catastrophe, the tribe of severity could even be said to be the most powerful sect in all the heavens and realms!
However, Chen Xiaobei’s cultivation level was too low. It was no wonder that the Jade Kylin Saint did not believe that Chen Xiaobei was from a famous sect.
“As for your other lie, that’s even more stupid!”
Saint Yulin continued,”three quadrillion lower-grade spiritual jades?” It’s not a lot to me, but it’s not a small number either! This old man is willing to bet that it’s absolutely impossible for you to have it!”
Obviously, in the eyes of the Jade Kylin Saint, Chen Xiaobei was just an eight-star celestial being. It was already good enough for him to have 30000 low-grade spiritual jades.
Three quadrillion!
That was pure bragging! Showing off can’t beat the brain!
The Jade Qilin Saint did not believe that Chen Xiaobei could have such a huge amount of wealth! Even a three-year-old child by the roadside would not believe it!
The Jade Qilin Saint looked down on Chen Xiaobei!
In the beginning, the Jade Kylin Saint had only looked down on Chen Xiaobei. But now, he began to despise and hate Chen Xiaobei!
Forsaking righteousness for profit! He was full of lies! Shameless!
The Jade Qilin Saint had already labeled Chen Xiaobei three times in his heart. He had even secretly decided that he must separate Chen Xiaobei and dugu zang Xian. He could not let his good granddaughter be ruined by Chen Xiaobei!
“Old man, the living room is too small. Let’s go outside.” Chen Xiaobei smiled, stood up, and walked out.
Dugu zang immediately followed after him, not leaving his side.
“What do you mean? Stop right there!”
Jade Kylin saint’s tone was cold and his anger was several times more intense than before!
He was a dignified four-star quasi-Sage, Yu Lin Saint venerable! How could he watch a shameless person cheat him of his precious pill and kidnap his good granddaughter?
He slammed the table and rushed out of the hall to block Chen Xiaobei’s way.
“Don’t be nervous, old man! I’m not running!”
Chen Xiaobei scanned the huge square in front of him and said, ” “This square doesn’t seem big enough … I’ll try …” He thought.
“Try what?”
Jade Qilin Saint and dugu zang Xian were stunned. They did not understand what Chen Xiaobei meant.
Whoosh … Whoosh … Whoosh …
Chen Xiaobei waved his hand and a huge amount of lower spiritual Jade fell out from his infinite s.p.a.ce ring.
Soon, the large square of the palace was filled with people.
Chen Xiaobei continued to give out more spiritual jades.
Gradually, layer after layer of spiritual Jade was laid out, becoming thicker and higher. It was actually piled up on the square, forming a towering mountain of spiritual Jade.
The height of the mountain had already far exceeded the walls of the palace. Furthermore, it was still rising. In the end, it was even several times higher than the highest tower in the palace!
This spectacular scene not only shocked Saint venerable Yu Lin and dugu zang Xian, but also attracted the attention of many people in the Holy puppet city. All kinds of discussions and speculations quickly spread in the city, and soon, everyone knew about it!
“Old man! Three quadrillion, not a single cent less! If you have enough energy, you can count it!”
Chen Xiaobei grinned and looked at the Jade Qilin Saint with interest.
At this moment, the expression on Saint Yulin’s face was fascinating.
