Chapter 3734 - 3734 Chapter 3735-ally
3734 Chapter 3735-ally
Woof woof woof … Woof woof woof … &Quot
At the side of the cell, a h.e.l.lhound as strong as a bull barked vigilantly.
Moreover, the h.e.l.lhound was constantly jumping and struggling, its front paws repeatedly digging the ground. If it wasn’t for the chains, it would have already pounced over!
Although Chen Xiaobei and Xiao ‘er were protected by their Natal purple Qi, it was obvious that they were still alive. However, the h.e.l.lhound could smell them, and its blood-red eyes had already locked onto the two little bugs.
“s.h.i.+t! Bro bei! Let’s retreat!”
The waiter immediately became nervous,’that h.e.l.lhound’s cultivation is very high, and it won’t be easy to deal with it! Furthermore, it has already discovered us. If we fight, we will be surrounded by countless powerhouses in an instant!”
“No!”
&Quot no! &Quot Chen Xiaobei shook his head. &Quot h.e.l.lhounds are psychic! &Quot &Quot once we withdraw, it will inform its master of our arrival. At that time, the two chieftains might be locked up somewhere else, and the security will be even tighter! It’s impossible to save them!”
“Then what should we do?” “If we approach it directly, we’ll be killed by it!” The waiter was a little anxious.
“Don’t panic! Just cut it!” Chen Xiaobei calmed himself down and said, ” &Quot the chaos Blood Sword has been upgraded to the peak of nine-Star Mystic immortal level under the sunlight box. One strike is enough to kill this dog! &Quot
Previously, the chaos Blood Sword had devoured a large amount of blood essence, Yin souls, and resources. After being accelerated by the sunlight domain, it had reached the peak of nine-Star Mystic immortal and was invincible among those of the same level.
He could kill any opponent below the G.o.d Realm with a single sword strike!
“Get ready! I’ll kill that dog! Immediately bite off the chains on the two chieftains! We have to be fast. If we stay for one more second, we might be surrounded by the enemy and we won’t be able to escape!”
Chen Xiaobei calmed himself down, and his heart was already brewing with killing intent.
“I know!”
The waiter immediately focused his attention and stared at the two cages in front of him with high tension, trying not to make any mistakes.
“One! Two! Three …”
Chen Xiaobei’s eyes lit up, and his will to fight erupted like a volcano.
But!
At this moment!
The h.e.l.lhound was probably really forced into a corner. It actually spoke in the human language and sternly asked, ” “Who are you? Why do you have my master’s aura on you?”
“Huh!”
Chen Xiaobei and Xiao ‘er were both stunned by the words.
“You can’t understand the language of beasts, and you can’t understand the language of humans either. Who are you?” The h.e.l.lhound was very anxious, and its eyes were fixed on Chen Xiaobei.
“I’m …”
Chen Xiaobei calmed himself down and slowly flew over. &Quot “Your master is brother blackpeak, right?”
Obviously, Chen Xiaobei was very calm and smart.
The h.e.l.lhound was a magical beast, so its master must be a demon.
During this period of time, Chen Xiaobei was only close to Yun fanqing and heifeng. Yun fanqing would not have a h.e.l.lhound.
That meant that blackpeak was most likely the h.e.l.lhound’s owner.
Moreover, there was another coincidence.
The h.e.l.lhound’s sense of smell was extremely sensitive. Although it might not be as sensitive as blackpeak’s, it was definitely considered to be very, very sensitive.
“That’s right! My master is the head of the black demon hunters, hei Feng!” The h.e.l.lhound impatiently asked, ” “Why do you have the aura of my master? Why did you come here so sneakily?”
“Your master and I have already formed an alliance. He and I are brothers!” Chen Xiaobei said.
&Quot how … How is this possible? ” The h.e.l.lhound was very smart and said warily, ” “My master has always been a coward, and no upper-cla.s.s demon thinks highly of him!”
“I’m different from the other demons!” Chen Xiaobei then took out a new communication jade talisman and said, ” “Blackpeak gave me this communication jade talisman. It’s specially used to communicate with me in secret!”
“Hiss … Hiss …”
The h.e.l.lhound sniffed with its big nose, and the expression on its face suddenly became excited. &Quot “It is indeed master’s Secret communication jade talisman! He told me that he would only give these communication Jade talismans to the people he trusted the most!”
“Since your master trusts me, you should trust me too, right?” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“Of course!”
The h.e.l.lhound nodded and said,”master raised me from a young age. My life belongs to him!” I will also use my life of faith to protect the people he trusts!”
“Mm! How loyal! I like it!” Chen Xiaobei looked at the h.e.l.lhound in a different light.
“Speak! What are you guys doing here?” The h.e.l.lhound looked at Chen Xiaobei, then at Xiao ‘er.
“I must take the two people in the cage with me!” Chen Xiaobei said.
&Quot how … How is this possible?! &Quot
The h.e.l.lhound was immediately shocked,”these two are the great tribal chiefs of the witch race!” He was the most important criminal! The iron cages and chains used to imprison them are all three-star divine items. There’s no way to open them!”
“Even if you have a divine weapon that can forcefully break it, the huge power fluctuation will immediately attract a large number of demon powerhouses! Even the heaven evil demon Emperor will come here personally. When that time comes, you will all die!”
The h.e.l.lhound was really thinking for Chen Xiaobei and told him the truth.
However, Chen Xiaobei was not moved at all. He even wanted to laugh.”Waiter, show it what you’ve got!”
“Alright!” The waiter couldn’t wait any longer and flew towards the iron cage at top speed.
&Quot what … What is it doing?! &Quot The h.e.l.lhound was very surprised. It could not understand how a little bug could open a three-star heavenly G.o.d-tier metal cage and chain.
“To a waiter, it’s not an iron cage or chain, but bread and noodles!” Chen Xiaobei smiled. Everything was under his control.
“Ka ka ka … Ka ka ka …”
Sure enough, on the other side, the waiter had started to gnaw on the iron chain without any difficulty. It was even easier than eating noodles and he was very fast. In a short while, Xuan Yu chieftain was out of his control.
Chen Xiaobei did not waste any time. He immediately flew into the cage and put Xuan Yu chieftain into the Meru s.p.a.ce.
Then, the waiter bit open the chain on the other side and released the great chieftain.
At the same time, Chen Xiaobei had also sent the great chieftain into the Meru s.p.a.ce.
&Quot Oh my G.o.d … You … You guys actually did it … &Quot the h.e.l.lhound was dumbfounded. It had thought that Chen Xiaobei would not be able to save the man, but it did not expect the matter to be resolved so easily.
In fact, the waiter was still gnawing at the chains, even wanting to eat the entire iron cage. He didn’t take the demon experts in the military camp seriously at all.
“Waiter! Don’t eat it if you’re almost able to break through! We can’t stay here for too long!” &Quot and, come over here! Bite off the h.e.l.lhound’s chain! We can’t leave it here! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said.
