Chapter 3723 - 3723 Why not leave?
3723 Why not leave?
“Woof! Whoos.h.!.+”
With the appearance of the Twin black Lotus Dharma, the aura and true energy fluctuations on Jia Luo and Yun fanqing’s bodies underwent an extremely violent change.
It was as if hundreds of millions of volcanoes had erupted at the same time, and he was tens of thousands of times stronger than a five-star heaven immortal!
With the sound of two gusts of wind, Jia Luo and Yun fanqing turned into dark ghosts and charged out from the left and right.
The dark demonic Qi scattered in all directions like smoke and mist. The two beautiful figures shuttled back and forth in the s.p.a.ce like a graceful dance, shocking everyone and even more shocking.
“Woof! Buzzzzzz! Yi …”
Wherever the extreme shadows pa.s.sed, the green-eyed pangolin’s huge and hard body became like paper. It was completely unable to withstand a single blow and was killed on the spot.
No matter how fast they were, they were far slower than Jia Luo and Yun fanqing.
In just a few seconds, all the green-eyed mountain pangolin had been annihilated.
Of course, more importantly, Jia Luo released his immortal essence and sealed all the green eyed pangolin’s eyes.
After the venom burst out, it was blocked by immortal essence and no longer splashed towards the crowd.
In this way, this huge danger was quickly crushed by Jia Luo and Yun fanqing.
Looking at Jia Luo and Yun fanqing, who were covered in dark demonic Qi, and the green-eyed pangolin’s body and blood all over the ground, everyone at the scene felt an intense shock.
“He’s too strong! Lord Jia Luo! Lord Yun fanqing! You guys are really too, too, too strong!”
Yuan she Sha and a few of his followers immediately rushed over and gave him a thumbs-up, praising him and flattering him. They looked at jialuo and Yun fanqing as if they were their great-grandmothers.
The others were naturally no exception. Exclamations and praises rose one after another, and they were endless!
“He’s too strong! The speed was so fast that we couldn’t see it clearly! That power has already reached the level of a golden immortal, it’s the genuine power of a heavenly G.o.d!”
“I can’t be wrong! Both of them were at the heavenly G.o.d Realm! Fortunately, they’re here. Otherwise, all of us would have died without a burial place!”
“But, why do they only look like five-star heaven Immortals on the surface? This is very strange!”
“What’s so strange about that? The two lords had hidden their strength! It’s that simple!”
……
Chen Xiaobei was very confused by the crowd’s discussion.
First, Chen Xiaobei could confirm that Jia Luo and Yun fanqing had indeed absorbed the world-ending sacred marrow.
Secondly, the special ability of the world-extinguis.h.i.+ng sacred marrow could indeed allow one to temporarily step into the heavenly G.o.d Realm.
However, the strange thing was that jialuo and Yun fanqing’s powers were not as strong as when Chen Xiaobei had activated the world-extinguis.h.i.+ng sacred marrow!
In other words, even if jialuo and Yun fanqing worked together, they would not be able to defeat Chen Xiaobei!
One should not forget that once Chen Xiaobei activated the sacred marrow of world annihilation’s special ability, he would be invincible among his one-star celestial G.o.d level!
“Could it be that … They each ate half a drop of the world-extinguis.h.i.+ng sacred marrow? So, the power of your ability can’t compare to mine?”
Chen Xiaobei made a quick guess.
He still remembered that mo Luo Wu Tian had said that the world extinguis.h.i.+ng sacred marrow was the honey of the Black Lotus of destructions, and there were only three drops of it in all the heavens and worlds!
Chen Xiaobei’s speculation was right!
The first drop of the world-extinguis.h.i.+ng sacred marrow was consumed by Chen Xiaobei by chance. It was suppressed by the human seal, and Chen Xiaobei was given a special ability without being possessed by the devil.
The second drop of world-extinguis.h.i.+ng sacred marrow was originally intended to demonize Yun fanqing, but by chance, half a drop was absorbed by Jia Luo.
Because of this, even though Yun fanqing looked like he was possessed by the devil, he was not completely devoid of humanity. His feelings for Chen Xiaobei were still deeply imprinted in his heart.
At this point, there was only one drop of the world extinguis.h.i.+ng sacred marrow left in the universe.
Naturally, mo Luo Wutian could not bear to use it carelessly. He had always kept it carefully and carried it with him.
&Quot there’s another strange problem, and that’s lifespan! &Quot
Chen Xiaobei furrowed his brows and thought, ” “I’ve seen them before, their lifespans are both 80.21 million years! And I need 100 million years of my life to activate the world-extinguis.h.i.+ng sacred marrow! The two of them didn’t seem to have consumed as much energy as I did!”
[ ding Qianqian’s cultivation base: intermediate-stage five star heaven immortal; lifespan: 30.21 million years, physical body: 4500 trillion, combat power: 4500 trillion, primordial spirit attack-quasi-Sage!
[ ding Qianqian’s cultivation base: intermediate-stage five star heaven immortal; lifespan: 30.21 million years, physical body: 4500 trillion, combat power: 4500 trillion, primordial spirit attack-quasi-Sage!
Chen Xiaobei activated his netherspirit battlescouter to check on jialuo and Yun fanqing’s lifespan.
“Understood!”
Chen Xiaobei was smart enough to understand everything. &Quot “The two of them each consumed 50 million years of their lifespans, and together, it’s exactly 100 million years! This is the true meaning of Twin!”
“Their lives have been firmly tied together by the world-ending sacred marrow! They would live and die together, live and die together! In that case, I will have to protect Jia Luo as well. If anything happens to her, fan Qing will not be able to escape!”
Chen Xiaobei made his decision.
For Yun fanqing’s safety, he could only temporarily put aside Jia Luo’s ident.i.ty as an enemy.
But then again, from the moment they met, she had never tricked Chen Xiaobei.
Although jialuo had plotted against Yun fanqing, it was also mo Luo Wutian’s intention.
Chen Xiaobei realized that he did not have much enmity towards Jia Lou. He would definitely protect her!
“Everyone!”
At this moment, Jia Lou stood up and said in a deep voice, ” “It’s obvious that we’ve underestimated the dangers of these ruins! We almost got wiped out when we were near the entrance! To explore the entire ruins, one had to be at least a mid level heavenly deity!
“Therefore, I suggest that everyone return to your respective military camps immediately and invite your uncle’s generation of powerhouses to come here! With our current strength, we’ll be digging our own graves if we continue to venture deeper into the ruins. There’s no chance of success at all!”
Obviously, Jia Lou’s a.n.a.lysis was very reasonable.
Moreover, Jia Luo and Yun fanqing’s lifespans were too short to activate the power of the world annihilation sacred marrow again.
It was precisely because of this that everyone immediately retreating was definitely the best choice! And it was the only choice!
“Retreat! Retreat! I don’t want to die …”
“I haven’t lived long enough either …”
Everyone present was a n.o.ble of the demon world. It was impossible for them to give up their Happy Days and run to seek their own death!
In an instant, most of the people immediately retreated outside.
In the end, there were only five people left on the scene.
Chen Xiaobei and blackpeak were on the same side, jialuo and Yun fanqing would not separate, and yuanshe Sha would not leave either.
“Why don’t you leave?”
Jia Luo looked at Yuan she Sha and coldly said, ” “Don’t tell me that you’re staying to protect us!”
“I …”
Yuanshe Sha’s expression stiffened slightly, and a complicated look that was difficult to detect flashed through his eyes.
