Chapter 3799 - 3799 Chapter 3800-soaring
3799 Chapter 3800-soaring
Chen Xiaobei took out the Qilin’s body.
After studying it for a while, he still didn’t know how to start.
This Kirin’s entire body was covered in a unique rainbow-colored l.u.s.ter. Its body was covered in scales that were similar to dragon scales, yet completely different at the same time. The scales were unimaginably hard. No wonder it was still undying after hundreds of millions of years. It was new and flawless.
Chen Xiaobei even took out his chaos Blood Sword to cut it, but he could not even leave a mark on the Qilin scale.
It was estimated that this Kylin was a high-rank pre-Saint when it was alive, and its bloodline was also at the high-rank pre-Saint level. It might even be more powerful than the Jade Kylin Saint.
“It seems like I can only use fire …”
Chen Xiaobei then took out the divine Demon Fire.
“Ahem … Bro bei! Wait a minute!”
But at that moment, the weak six-eared macaque finally recovered from the shock of devouring the demonic Fire Red Lotus seal.
“The kun Peng has a secret skill that is specially used to refine the Qilin race!” Six-eared macaque said.
The Jade Kylin Saint had allied with Chen Xiaobei in the Holy puppet city because he knew that the kun Peng had killed the descendants of the Qilin clan to increase his cultivation.
Therefore, the kun Peng must have a special way to refine everything in the Qilin’s body in the most efficient and safe way!
The Kirin’s entire body was a treasure. Even a single scale could help an immortal cultivator’s cultivation.
The higher the grade of the Qilin, the more obvious the effect of improvement.
“Hurry up! Quickly teach me this secret skill!” Chen Xiaobei said impatiently.
After that, six-eared macaque taught Chen Xiaobei the special secret skill.
With the scholar heart’s blessing, Chen Xiaobei was able to learn and understand everything in no time. He could then start refining it.
In order to speed up.
Chen Xiaobei brought the Qilin’s body into the verdant Emperor’s divine gourd.
Previously, Chen Xiaobei had captured 30 million Yu-winged demonic snakes, and he could use their lifespan to activate the sunlight cache.
Furthermore, there was another piece of good news after entering the verdant Emperor’s divine gourd!
For a long time, the Yu-winged magic snakes had been taking turns to activate the sunlight box to accelerate the growth of the blood Bodhi Divine Tree.
Moreover, Chen Xiaobei had absorbed a huge amount of spiritual Qi into the verdant Emperor’s divine gourd when he was wreaking havoc in the heavenly court.
As such, the 333 fruits on the blood Bodhi Divine Tree had all ripened and could be picked at any time.
“Six ears! Go and pick some blood Bodhi, it should be of some help to your injuries!” Chen Xiaobei said.
Clearly, the six-eared macaque already had the peak of the kun Peng’s Sage-to-be body. Although the blood Bodhi could heal serious injuries, it was not very effective on the six-eared macaque.
Of course, it was good as long as there was an effect. Even if the effect was not great, there were enough blood Bodhi to make the six-eared macaque feel better.
If six-eared macaque could recover its combat power, even if it could only use one move, it would be a great help to Chen Xiaobei. It was definitely worth it to exhaust all the blood Bodhi fruits!
“Alright!” The six-eared macaque nodded and went to pick the fruit.
“Whoosh …”
On the other side, the Yu-yi demonic snake activated the sunlight cache and covered Chen Xiaobei and the Qilin’s body.
Chen Xiaobei activated the secret skill that he had just learned and started to refine the Qilin’s body.
This secret technique was like a vampire’s special ability. It could directly extract the special energy essence from the Qilin’s body, and the part where the essence was extracted would become a dried corpse.
Chen Xiaobei started with the Qilin’s left front leg.
The Kirin’s Black jade-like hooves quickly dried up and became dark like stones. In the end, they fell apart and completely shattered.
Further up, the Qilin’s scales fell off like shriveled paper, and its skin and muscles became as dry as a corpse.
In places invisible to the naked eye, his blood essence and bone marrow were rapidly drying up. Not a drop was left.
After a period of time, the Qilin’s left foreleg had been completely refined. It looked like a piece of withered wood that had been eroded by wind for many years. It would probably break into pieces with a single poke.
[ ding Qianqian’s cultivation base: early-stage four-star golden immortal. Lifespan: 25 billion years, physical body: 90 trillion, primordial spirit attack-sacred level!
The Hades mark showed Chen Xiaobei’s latest cultivation and lifespan changes.
From the peak of the nine-star Xuan immortal to the early-stage of the three-star golden immortal, there were thirteen small realms in total, which was much more effective than the Jade Kylin divine origin pill.
The rise in battle strength and physical strength was obvious.
The main point was that his lifespan had increased by almost two billion years for each of the 13 minor realms. It was simply amazing!
Of course, this was only the beginning.
“Whoosh …”
Chen Xiaobei continued to refine the Qilin’s right front leg.
[ ding Qianqian’s cultivation base: advanced-stage six-stars golden immortal. Lifespan: 50 billion years, body: 1 billion trillion, combat power: 1 billion, primordial spirit attack-sacred level!
This time, he had advanced ten minor realms.
On average, the increase of each minor realm would increase one’s lifespan by 2.5 billion years.
“Whoosh …”
Chen Xiaobei continued to refine the two hind legs of the Qilin.
The higher one’s cultivation was, the harder it was to advance. This time, his two hind legs had advanced by a total of ten minor realms.
[ ding Qianqian’s cultivation base is at the early stage of nine-stars golden immortal. Lifespan: 85 billion years, physical body: 100 trillion trillion, primordial spirit attack: Saint level!
His battle power and lifespan were still increasing rapidly.
This time, although it was more difficult to break through to the next minor realm, on average, the increase in lifespan for each minor realm was 3.5 billion years, which was very impressive.
In total, Chen Xiaobei’s level had increased by 33 levels.
As for the Qilin’s corpse, only its four legs had been refined. The most essential parts of its body, its sea of Qi dantian, spinal marrow, lifelines, and head, had not been refined.
If he could refine all of them, Chen Xiaobei felt that he could break through to the advanced-level of the mystic Divine realm.
Of course, Chen Xiaobei had to stop the refining now.
This was because it was a long process. Chen Xiaobei had already spent more than 360 days in the sunlight domain!
According to the effect of the immortal sunlight cache, three hundred and sixty minutes had pa.s.sed in the outside world, which was six hours!
If Chen Xiaobei did not go out, the celestial Hound would be worried.
If they found yang Kuai or Taiyin true deity during this time and Chen Xiaobei was not around, the consequences would be unimaginable.
So, Chen Xiaobei had to stop refining it.
He put away the Kirin corpse and returned to the palace where the demonic Fire Red Lotus mark was.
“My new devouring opportunity should be enough! I’d like to see what kind of effect it will have after devouring it!”
Chen Xiaobei walked over and activated his Dharmakaya’s devouring ability.
